_

Baya of Ring. steniflaus, induces. us. fo-]
@at chink it wilk be. na-difagreeble:
aren! Task to. look back alittle into. Hi- |
maPeeiot-ftory, jn order. to fhew by what
Stee linerpeted Revolusionsthat Prince:
.-Seaime té:be rated toyshe Prorie. of Poland ;-and-
~“@gain, by: what unlucky Changes of-Eortune. hé
‘Loft it fo foon, So

7

At the: Death of the, great gobm Sobieski the
Crown of. Pélard would not. have wanted a Num:
ber of Competitors, were it nor that: the Princcs |

-of Eurépe. wore.of Opinion, that that King was fo
* popular, and had done fuch Services, not only..to
Poland, but to Chri ffendom in general, thar it would
- bein vain ta fet up any éther Candidate, while -
oné of his Bload was ftill alive: Ic. is fuppofed,
‘that his eldeft Son Prince Zames Sobieski was buoy'd
“ap with the fame Opinion ; however thar be, it
is certain he made no Cabals for obtaining the |
Crown of. his royal Father’; the Truth ow’c is, he
‘was, ar that Tinie, too-yaung for forming Schemes
or Defigns, fo thar King ¥obn was no fooner dead, |
but a Faétion began to fhew it felf in Ravour.of |
the Elefor of Saxony, who, by Bribes. and Pro-
miles had long been tampering with feveral of
“the bafe-and corrupt Part of the,Nobility,” tho’ it
“\was’done fo fecretly, that it was not fufpetted’
.. - TheAbbe Poligniac refiding at this Time in -Po-
* Jand forthe. Court of: France, gave.an Account of
"the Scitsiation of4 fairs, reprefenting, that asPrince

~Pamear~made no-Party, it would be -eafy- fora -.gtter
‘Prince of che Honfe ot France to carry the Elchis | 4 + aan ve

"Bur to go on w

was foon driven out of Poland, being oblig'd .to

on againft the Ele&or of Saxony ; he was appoin-
‘ted. to manage the Affair, and foon brought the
‘Cardinal Primate, and feveral of the. chicf- No-
bility, into. his Meafures, who mecting in a Diet,
‘deslared the Prince of Conti King.
* Jris certain this EleQion was.not reguiar, ac-
cording to the Conftitution of Poland, whert no-
thing is to pafs if there. be fo much as one nega
tive Voice ; wherefore ‘the other Party afflembled
alfo, calling themfelves the Diet, and declared
the Eleftor of Saxony, King, in the fame Manner ;
who, at this Time, was advancing towards the
Frontiers with an Army to-fuppors his Pretenfions.
Tr muft be obferv’d, that.the Army of the Crows.
was-alfo divided, the Eletor of Saxony. having
gain’d. over feveral.of the Officers; ctherefore.the
Primate and. the Nobility forefaw, that if they
erfifted, the Country muft be involved in a civil
Var, for which Beafon they chofe rather to. ac-
iqniefce, and to wait for fome Opportunity of get-~
ting rid of this Intruder. |
Ic.was not long before an Occafion offer’d ; for
the new King having a Mind fo diftinguifh him-
_ Self. for fomething, toek it into his Head to invade
the young King of Sweden in Livonia, Here he roufed
a young Lyon, who-no fooner fhew'd: himfelf but
hhé ftruck.a Térror in his Invaders: In fhort, he
‘beat Augu fins back into Poland, where the Nobi-
lity being as much difcenrented .with -his Goverh-
ment, as with his irregular Eleétion, invited. the
- young Conqueror. to-come into Poland, 1n order. to
afift them-to drive their common Enemy back
_intd his German: Dominions, that they might come.
to a fair Eleftion of a King.
As this Prince had no juft Refentment againtt .
any. ching. but Auguffus and his German Council,
the Poli Nation not being. concern’d in the Quar-

ding. by him with their-Lives and Fortunes :
They alfo procured fome , Declarations of. the

_ able ‘o

; . 4 t at , » ‘ { " _ an . ope re =*
. . . .. ; o. a ae : , i 3 , nf : . . ’ A?
a . . a a ‘ 7 ~

16, 1725:

Azmy towards Poland, :~-Kipg, Augufus was juttly

alarm’d, as well knowing what mutt be the Con-

fequence, of this. Vifit, wherefore, in hafte, he
{uinmon'd a Diet, which confifted chiefly: of: the

MERCENARIES, that.is, thofe he had pain'd -

over. by Bribes, who pafs'd a. Refolurion of .ftan-

fame Kind ta be. made from. certain ‘Towns ; but
they were only fign’d by‘a few inconfiderable Per-

fons, tho" they, were called the Addreffes of: fuch
and fuch: Towns. 2: |

A, great Buttle was made with this falfe thew

of Popularity, thinking thereby:-to: frighten the |

King of Sweex from. -his. Eaterprize ; and, it is
faid, it gave him.at firftfame Aftonifhment, as he
did nat -then know this.tq be the. common Arti-

ice of a weak Fa@ian; however, he. went. on,

and was. as. mucly. fiyrpriz’d on the .other Side,
when
the ancient Nobility, with the whole Bady
of the People, generally bent againft the.Govern-

ment, and fearce any Perfon for them but thofe

Creatures they bad put into Employments.

~ I do..not find thar any Place ftood out for King
Auguftus except the Town of Thorn, which was
taken after. a,Siege.- I'need not’ rell the World
how, well, they haye;been- rewarded fince ; nor
can-we. guefs what fhould give them thar Affection
for a Perfon who.had forfaken their Religion,
unlefs jr be that=they thought he only changed
fer the Manner of his Country, that is; for In-

Aged ae

ith: our Story : King Augufius

retire: into Saxony, where he had one after-Game
to play, which he ftill thought would bring him
back to that Country. ——- He knew the Hearts
of the. Poles were generally fix’d upon Prince
fames Sobieski, not only in Regard to the Obli-
gations they ow'd his. Father, but-for his own
erfonal Merit, being a Prince of fingular good
Qualities.
Augufiys (if we can-call. ican Ele@ion) retired

into Sdefia with his Family, rightly judging it

not fafe for him re-live .in Poland, wherefore As-

‘guftus form'd a Plot for feizing him and his Bro- .
, ther Conftautine, which was executed accordingly,

and they. weré:both brought into Saxony, juft at

the Time thar Prince Sames, by the Invitation

of the Nobility, was, preparing to.go into Poland to
appear, in order to be ele&ted.

-As the Czar of Mufcowy was about this Time
entring Livonia, King Auguffus did not doubt bur
the King of Sweden would be obliged'to march
to its Defence, and leave Poland naked and with--
out..a2 King, when he might re-enter and take
Poffefion with little or no Refiftance;. byt his
Stratagem only ferv'd to make Way -at prefent
for Staniflaus Lizinski, Palatine -of Pofnanza, and
General of great Poland: For the King of Swe:
den reprefenting to: the Nobility the Defire he
had of. feeing their Government fettled before
he parted, which could not be ddne without

clefting a King,- and fhewing. the Danger of
choofing Prince .fames Sobieski, whofe.Life and:
Liberty were, at.that-Time in the Power of their.

Enemy,, recommended - Staniflaus Lizinski, a Per-
fon’ of an antient Poli Family, who had great

Pofleflions amongft chem, aad .a Man noted for

DORE ee HE lato happy," Turnin-the Affairs | rel, he accepted the.Parry,.and.march’d with his

he enter'd, Poland, to find the moft cenfider- _

This Prince upon the Hle&ion of

all the Princeffes in Europe.

“Tide, ir was look'd upon as an Infractio

~ .

| good Senfe and Politenefs; many were for defer.

Ing an EleQion till the Liberty of Prince Yames

could: be procured, but -others, to comply with

the King of Saveden, who hadan Army in. the
Country, which-began to make fome unealy,
comply'd accordingly, the Nobility met ina kind
of. a Dyet, and declared Staniflaus King...
There were fome Obdjetions. made to this Eléa
tion ; as firft, that it was done as it were in thé
Sight of the King of Sweden's Arniy .; and {e-
condly, that many of the Nobility abiénted them-
{elves from the Dyet, becaufe they would have no

King but Prince ames Sobieski.

However, he reigned quietly fot about’ five
Years, for the-King of Sweden, having beaten
the joint Armies of the Czar of Mujfecvy, and
King Auguftus, purfued the latter. into Sexony,
where he came toa feperate Peace, and upon the
bafeft Terms which Man ever fubmitred to; he

_refign’d the Regalia of Folandto King Staniflans,

acknowledged him King, and complimented him
upon his EicGion. .

‘Tt was in the Year 1704 that King Staniflaus
was elected, and in 1709 the’ Batrle of Poltowd,
fo. ynfortunate to the King of Sweden, was fought;
immediately after which, King Augufrus gets rea~
dy an Army and a Manifefio, and enters Poland >
his Army was by much the beft Argument of the
two, for his Manifefto only ferv’d tu confirm the
World in the contemptible Opinion they already
entertain’d of him; however, as King Stanifaus
had no Army to oppofe him, and. the greateft
Part of the: Nobility (as has been before obferv'd}

_ being only affe&ted for Prince Yames Sobieski, hé -

was ‘obliged to pive Way.to his Rival, who-has
reign’ in Poland ever fince. OT a
As for the unfortunate King Steniflaus he re-
tired at firft with his Family into the Seed:
Pomerania, and: afterwards to a 'Fown within'a
few Miles of Strasburg, living in. fuch Privacy
and Obfcurity, thar the World {carce knew
what was become of him; for Auguffus, tho’ he
liad acknowledged him King, feiz'd upon -his—
hereditary Poffeflions, thereby reducing his Fae.
mily to'very great Streights ; and, it is obfery’d,
that tho’ there have been fume Struggles in. Po-
land againft Auguftus fince his laft Acceffion : Ic-
was the Requett of Staniflaus to his Friends to

‘make no Attempt in his Pavour, as knowing he

was not the Perfon the People had -fix'd their
Hearts upon, declaring often, that he accepted of
the Crown when the Affairs of Poland were comé

:to fuch a Crifis as to require a King.

Thus he has lived many Years honoured, tho*
in an obfcure Condition, till his Merits and the
Vertues. of his Daughter prefer’d her to the Armis- ~
of a Prince who might have taken his Choice of

FOREIGN AFFATRS. _.
They write from Rome, that that Court had
taken in very ill part, the Condué of the Cars
dinal Polignac, who in celebrating the Marriage
of the King of France, whofe Minifter he is, or=
dered a Hymn to be printed, in. the ‘Title of
which were inferred thefe Words, Mary Princeft
of Poland. Now as his Holinefs had never ac
knowledged the Acceffion of Sraniflaus g0 gipate-s

lation of the Amnefty that fubfifted: betyg
Powers, and was refented accordingly.
 m7

t An Abfiraét of the Treaty lately concluded be: =.

_ween the Kings of Great Britaii, France and
Pruflia, viz. Article I. contains a Guaranty. of the.
_ Treéaites of Weftphalia. Arr. IL. ftipulates a
mutual Guaranty of all that the contra&ing Pow-
ers are, or ought to be poffeffed of; as alfo of all
their refpcective Treaties made between them, as
well as with others, —— Art. IIT. .A fpecial Gua-
ranty for Commerce. —e——- Art. IV. That the
* Allies fhall furnifh the ‘Power attack’d,'as fol-
lows ; Frarce Sooo Foot, 4000 Horfe; Great
Britain the like; and“Pruflia 2000 Horfe, and
3000 Foot. Art: V. This Affiftance fhall be
‘furnifh’d, without obliging the Powers, fo furnith-
ing the Succourss, formally-to eng
-— Art. VI. Leaves it as the Choice of the con-
tra&ting Powers to furnifh thofe Succours in Men
or-Money ; with a Referve to Great Britain te do

#

in the War. -

‘jt by Men of War, according as the Cafe requires. .

———Art. VII. The Powers fhall faithfully commu-
nicate all Things to each other; and neither of
them fhal! undertake any Thing till he has firft
imparted it to the others. Here is ustderftood a ta-
c'2 Promife, not to guaranty the Xif, Article of the
Treaty of Vienna. — Art. VII. Thar hereafter
they will‘agree upon larger Succours, if Occafion
raquires ; as alfo to declare War in the Name of
the Allies. —To this Treaty are annex‘d three fe-
parate Articles ; the firft imports, that inCafe of a
War between the Emperor and France, the Empe-

ror being the Aggrefior, fuch of the Allies as are

Members of the Empire may furnifh cheir Con-
tingents to the Emperor and the Empire, accord~-
ing to the.eftablith’d Rules, without France’s ta-
king Offence thereat; provided, however, that
they fhall not, upon that Account, be excufed from
furnifhing France with the Succours ftipulated by
this Treaty. The fecond feparate Article con-

tains the Guaranty of the Treuty of Oliva, The

third is faid nor to contain any. Thing material.
Dublin, OF 7. .According to the Addrefs of
the Houfe of Commons, the publick Accounts
and the Civil and Milita
them, and we fhall foon fee whether any: Body
will be called upon for Deficiencies.
Great Damages have been done in feveral Parts
nt the Country, as well asin this City, by grear
for the Robbery of the Frize-Makers on Tal-
Edixburg, O8=. 7. On Tucfday Night left chree
more of the Glafgow People were broughre in bere
ay a Party of Dragoons, one of which, being a
itnefs, was committed to the T'albvoth ; but
the other rwe (fuppos'd Rioters) to the Caftle.——
Yefterday about 10 0’ Clock, the Criminal Court
‘far down, when the Verdi& of the Affize, which
inclos’d Yefterday Morning, was read, finding
nothing proven againft James and William Dar-
rochs, Thomas Syme, James Barns, William Lang,

G :orge Johnfton, Robert Lang or James Peadle,

t icy accordingly were difcharg’d at the Bar ; bur
finding ft proven, that James Falconer was in
Arms in the Mob, and particularly in thar Part
tiereof which made the two Soldiers Prifoners,
and bronght them-back to Glafgow : As alfo find-
ing it proven, that Janet Hill was likewife in the
Kilob. ‘Thefetwo-only received Sentence, which
was to be banifhed out of the Nation; and if
they return, perpetual Imprifonment. The other
Panel, viz. James Graham, was affoilied at the
Bar the Day before. About 12 0° Clock the
{ me Day, the reft of the Glafgow People, who
vere Prifoners in the Caftle, including the rwo
hrovght in che Night before, and William Ha-
milron,” the Hatter, who was Prifoner in the
’.:tbooth,; in all feven Men and a Woman, were
brcouglhtinso Court to take their Tryal ; and af-

Lifts are laid before

A Half-Pay Officer is fent to Goul |

ploy’d in befiegin

%
7

ter heari the Libel read (every Article wheres. |

.of they re fed) and fome Pleadings on both Sides,
the Diet was continu’d to Twefday the r2th, and
Parties erdain’d to inform.  - . '

Tork, O#. 9. On the 2oth of lat Menth Col-
lonel Carr’s Regiment of Dragoons was review'd

“bythe Lord Carpenter (without one-of the.Gares
o

this City) on Horfeback in the Morning, and
in the Afternoon they perform’d a handfome Ex~
ercife, on Foot, before his Lordfhip. Monday

O&. 4. The Felons Convi&, who are order‘d for

Tranfportation, to the Number of 40, and con-
fin'd in the Caftle, made an. Attempt to break the
Goal ;‘ which, not being able to. accomplifh, they

fortify’d themfelves in .a ftroag Roum, and-de-.

fy'd the Goaler and all his Pofle.; upon which
he fene to the Lord Mayor, who got a File of
Mufgueteers to afi him ; they endeavour'’d to

break in with their drawn Swords,: but a Shewer |

of Stones came that oblig’d ‘em to ftand further
- off, and one of the Soldiers had his Eye beat-out :
Upon which they chargd their Mufquets with
fmali Shor, and fir’d upon em thro’. feveral Holes
made in the Door, and wounded fome of them,

-and then they farrender’d immediately.. They

complain, that the Gouler is the Occafion of this
by ftarving them, not giving their.due Allowance
of Vi@uals.————-T'uefday the SeTions being held
at the Guildhall, the Men who were taken for
ftealing Linne: (as was faid-in one of our former)
were try'd ; one of ’em, to wit, Stephen Hinch,
was acquitted, the others order'd for T'ran{porta-
tion, and a Girl whipp’d for the fame Fa&.
Norwich, OF. 8. Laft

of this City, to the new Hall, when it was open-
ed and declared ro be.an Exchange ; on which

Occafion the Recorder made. a fhort Speech to |
them, wherein he obferved, that the Place had}

been formerly made Ufe of for- Divine Service,

and- infer’d, that the Confideration thereof fhould -

render their Tranfadtions there the more fair and.

honeft ; and concluded with wifhing them all

Profperity. — ; a

Bath, Of 13. Earl of Orkney and the Dut-
chefs of Dorfet are arrived here, but more have
left.us, fo that we begin to be thin. Duke and
Dutchefs of Manchefter, Duke of Bedford, Earl
of Effex, have taken a Tour to Salisbury, Portf-
mouth, &c. but are co return. A young Game-

fter, we hear, is march’d off with 8 or goooll. -
which he has taken to eafe fome Gentry, who,

came here to be cur'd of that Diftemper, 10 much
Money, or too little Wit. ,
| LONDON, OGober 16.

From Dublin they fend usa &mall Bit of Poetry,
containing 12 Lines of Hexameter Verfe; of more
Ili-Nature than Wir, entituled, -

| _ On Wifdoms Defeat,

, In a learned Debate.
Tt was occafioned by a Debate in the Houfe of
Lords in Ireland, for and againft -inferting the
Words great Wifdom in their Addrefs to his Ma-
jefly ; the {aid Paper of Verfes has, upon a Com-
laint to. that Houfe, been. voted fcandalons, the

rinter ordered into Cuftody, and a Copy of them

burnt by the Hangman of the City, which, we

ope, will be a fufficient Excufe for our not
throwing them out to the Publick. :

_ Qn Monday laft feveral Bailiffs were bufily em-
fome Nymphs of Drury, in
their Caftie in Colfon’s Court, who defy’d ther
for fome Hours from their Windows, with a great
deal of fharp Raillegyy and good Humour ; but
were, at laft, bafely ‘Betray by a next Door
‘Neighbour, who, "tig fuppos'd, .ow'd a Spite. to
forme of. the poot Defendans, and therefore pri-

. Monday a ‘Preceffion
was made by the Court of Alderinen, attended.
by near 200 Gentlemen and principal ‘Traders -

vattly-let two of the Officers th rough her Honf, -
and fo getting over a Party-Wall, ftorm’d the
Caftle backwards and got in, bringing all the La~
dies down, who ftill kept their good Humour, for

‘they, fang and danc’d all along Drury-Lane to the

Sp ging Houle. os , es
‘The famous Sir Jolin Follard, who had his Mae
jefty's Pardon,.in order to be. Evidence ‘ageinit
onathan Wild, hias lately taken the Black- you
Alehoufe near Beaufort Suildings in the Strand..
Earl of Scarfdal and Lord Carpenter ure ar-
riv'd- in 'Fown from Derby ; the Bifhop of Chi- —
chefter-from Eaton ; the Archbifhop of York, and —
the Bifhop of Gloucefter are upon the Road froné |
their feveral Countries, and the Bifhop of Dur-.

ham and others are preparing to fet ovt, fo that .
the Town.will begin'to fillin a little Time.

_ "Fhe Earl of Chéfterfiéld having been tpeech-
lefs fome Time, “tis likely he may be now dead. - .

Some Letters-from Suffex give an-Account, that
an Earthquake was-felr there laft Weel: : |

A Quack Doftor in Efple-Court in St. Joun’s--.
Lane, cut his Windpipe, and dy’d in three Days ;
‘he would have taken Opium to have gone the
genteel Way. out of the World, but was pre-
vented, =.

Ar the late Seffions at Weftminfter Eliz. John-.
fon was convitted of -keeping a diforderly Hout ;
as was another Woman at the Seffions at Guild-
hall, and Itkewife one act the Scfions ar Hicks’s-
Hall; the firft is to be imprifon’d a Month, and
the other two to be whipp’d. | |

On Saturday laft a Fellow was committed to
Newgate for:‘returning from Tranfportution, and
for diverfe Felonies and Burglaries fiace com-—
mitted by him, by. his own Confeffion, = ss -
"  Mr.‘Turner, an Apothecary in Cheapfide, was.
lately married to a Daughter of Sir John Roufe -
of Snffex, Bart. oe MS ,

We hear that acertain Juftice of the Peace
living near Mufcle-Hill, was attack’d on Sacur-_
day lat in tke Dusk of the Evening near Highi-
pate by two Highwaymen, who took from him
to the Valuc of 1501. and rode off for London

- +

_ without being difcovered : When he.was coming

up towards them, they pretended to be diverting

_themfelves by leaping their Horfes over tlie Ditches |
“near the Road.

They write from Sevenoake, Kent, OF. 3. That
Sunday laft being his Grace the Duke of Argile’s |
Birth-Day, Sir Henry Fermor, in Refpe& to that |
noble Peer, made a very fumptuous Enrertain-
ment, where was the greateft Affembly of Gentry:
that ever was feen in fo fmalla Town. The Bells -
rung alk Day, and the Evening was ufher'd in
with a fine Confort of Mufick perform’d by Gen- —

‘tlemen, whilft that celebrated Song Genius ef Eng-

land began andendedit, .
Deaths. Jofeph Ath, Efq; one of rhe Councif -
of the Marfhalica Court. Mr. Moor, ar
Attorney of the Mayor's Court._———Mr. Sau-
rell, one of the eldeft Clerks of the Poft-Office:
John Godfhal, Efq; an eminent Turky- -
Merchant.———-A_ new born Son of the Bi-
fhop of St. David's at Witherington in Glouceftéer-
fhire.——-The Earl of Chefterfield in Derbyfhire..
~—A Farmer murther’d by Foot-Pads near War+
minfter in Wiltfhire. : - ;
On Wednefday the Seflions began ‘at the Old-
Baily, and ended Yefterday, at which the fol-
lowing were caft for their Lives, viz. William -
Longmire for a Street Robbery ; Fofter Snow for “
the Murther of Mr. Hawkins, at his own Houfe in
Holborn ; James Little for the Highway ; and John

Still and JohnWhalebone for rerurning fromTran- -

{portat‘on j. James Carter and aWoman for-Felony.. °

‘Maryland, was caft away in the late Storms neat _
 1- Dungennefs and all the Men ‘drown'd. ‘The
Wreck.and what was found therein, was difpo-
fed of by the Country People according to
Cuftom. ' ee
_ Our Letters by Yefterday’s Poft from Edin-
burgh inform us of a Tumult that.has happen’d at
Lithgow in. Scotland; on .which Oceafion my’
Lord Hla:and ‘a Decachment of Soldiers are gone
thither ; but the Particulars are_not. yet known.

Rumour of 4;Change in that ‘Court; and ‘tis talk’d -
nifhment, and -put-againintythe. ftration
of publick’Affairs. ——‘King Stahiflaus is come to
Bouron, and the King and ticen ‘Of ‘France. has
had ah Interview with hithe

Tb Morrow there will be:teva Sermons. preached: at the

| united Pavi(p. Church of St, Olave-Peisry and St. Mar-

tin’s Ironmonger-Lane, for the Benefit. of the Charity

| Children belonging unto the united Parifo Church of St.
' Olave-Yewry aforefaid ; that in the Morning by the
Reverend Mr. Maffey, Leffurer of St. Alban's in Wood-

| Street, and Chaplain to the Right. Honourable the Lord
Mayor, and that in the Afternoon by the Rev. Mr. Batty,
' Rettor of St. Fobn's. Clerkenwell. oe
| South-Sea Stock is 121, 1 half. . Bank

, ) 133.
India 167, 1 8th. African 16 1 half. 7?

ADVERTISEMEN TS.
THE Powder which ‘has met with fuch a general Appre-

bation trom Mu titudes of Peopte, anfwering in all
Refpetts rully the Ufe of Coffee, having had a very_large
Demand,.the Quantity then imported not being fufficient
to anfwer the great Call, fo thac many Cuftomers could not
be flipptied, Care is taken that -none ‘for the future be
a:ifaypointed, a large Parcel being pt arrived exceeding
fine, and right favoured ; to be had at the firft_ Honfe en
tie left- Hand in Bell-Savage-Yard on Ludgate-Hill, made.
wn in quarter, half, or whole Pounds, at zs. 6d. per Pound:
Its Quality is extraordinary, and needs no Mixture, being
drank entire, and approved by the moft judicious: It adds

to the beft, and makes that which has loft its Flavour per-

fetly freth.

| LFS in the Grounds of Robert Morley, at the Royal

Oak at Vaux-Hall, about the middle of June laft, a

black Horfe, about 14 Hands and a half high, with a Star

in his Forehead, and a little white behind his Kars: If the

Perfon who left the faid Horfe, will come and vay the Char-

ges betwixt this and the 22d of this Inftant Otober, may

ave him, if not, the aforefaid Horfe will be apprais’d and
fo'd, as the Law dire¢ts. - ,

Juft publifh'd, the 2d Edition of,

_ *,* Defiderius ; or, the Original Pilgrims, a Divine Dia-

logue. Shewing the moft compendious Way to arrivejat the

Love of God.u. Render’d into, Englifh, and expl-in’d with.

Notes, by Lawrence Howell, A.M. Printed for Geo. Stra-

han, at the Gollen Ball over-ag:inft the Royal-Excbange

in Cornhill. ~ . Where mzy be had, ;

. x. The New-Year's Gift compleated, Fn fix-Parts \Con-
taining, ‘The Ladies Preparation to the monthly Sacra-
ment. To which are added, Contemplations.on the fevcral
Stiges of our Saviour's Life ; with - Soiiloquies on the Gof-
pels, and Devotions for feveral Occafions, ‘The 3d Edition,
with Additions. ; : a

2. A Guide to Eternity: Extracted eut of the Writings of

ho!y Fathers andancient Philofsphers. Written in La-
in by John Bona. Tranflated into Englith by Sir Roger

i "Eftrange. The zth Edition. -

' 3, The whale Duty of a Chriftian, by Way of Queftion

and Anfwer ; exaétly purfhant to the Method of the whole
uty of Man, and efigned for the Ufe of Charity Schools.
The 6th Edition, corrected by Robert Nelfon, Efq;

Next Week wil! be publithed, the 2d Volume of, _
_** MEMOIRS of a certain IMfand adjacent to the King-

dom of Utopia. Written by acclebrated Author of that |

Country, now tranflatei into Englith. Ad alfo,
“, A new Edition of the firt Volum>, beth fold by the Book-
* fellers of London and Weftminfter. Price 4s each, —
An Advertifement for the Difpatch of Bufinefs. ;
P< SONS have Money to Iend upon Land, Hovufes,
Terms, Perfons have Money to lay out in the pwrchafe of
Frechold or Leafehold Houfes, or of Eftates in Land, from
1001. to‘rgoo I. a Year. A Perfon wants to purchafe an E-
ftatc from 4001. to 6001. a Year, in Kent, Suffes, Effex,
pe Berks, or Bucks. —— Perfons want to purehafe Places for
Lite. —~ A. Gentleman of a good Eftate is willing to grant
-Annnities from.rool. to 7ool, a Year.
fent.te Mr. Spencely at Burton’s Coffee-howle in Bury-ftteer,
St. James's, Poft paid. ee SO
A Perfon came’ to Mr. ‘Taylor's in the Tower, on Wed-
nefiay laft, on Pretence of buying Brandy, and took ,a-
way. anew Silver Watch: Ifthe Watch is not return'din-
two Pays, the. Perfon will be advextifed with proper Deferip-

f

Private Letters from: Franee. fay, that there's ‘a~

as if Monf. le Blanc :would, be-recall’d front Ba-\
‘the: Adminiftration ‘

S$-oeks, or other fufficient Depofits, upon reafonable —

Propofals to be-

' tet-Lane, both in Fieet-Street. |

. v-+ . .*.On Motday next will be publifhed, Bot
‘> *.* The Mifcellaneous Works of De. William ‘Wagftaffe,
-‘Phyfician of St. Barthotomew’s Hofpiral,- Fellow:of the Col-
‘lege of-Phyficians, and of the Royal Sociely. *T’oa which is
prefix’d, his Li‘e, and an Account of his Writings. Adorn’d
_ With feveral curious Cuts, engrav?d on Copper. “ His Chira-
| &er, writ by an eminerit: Phyfician, foon after his Death.
“ He wasno lefs.valued for his Skill in his Profeffion, which’
** he fhewed.in feveral ufeful Treatifes, than ad:nired ‘for
“his Wit and Facetioufnels in Converfation’’. Pre 6s.
Some printed on fine Paper. “Prige 8s.° ‘Printed for Jo-
nah Boyer at-the Rofe and Crown in Pater-Nofter-Row,
. John Fited at the Golden-Ball between St: Dunftan’s, Church
and Chancery-Lane, and J. Worrall at the Dove againit Fet-

+
= . .
.

- . °° “"Phis Day is publithed, price x 3.
ae Anexaét Account ‘of the Ce

- at che Marriage of his moft Chriftian -_Majefty LEWIS the

|

Of Sect. laft. Together with the

16th, -with the Princefs MARY, -Daughter of Stcaniflaus,
late King of Poland; containing every m terial Occurrences
relating theteto, from the Time of. her. being demanded in
Marriage until the Confummation thereof; on the sth Day

; 1 feveral Compliments of
Congratulation made ‘to their Majefties on that Ocrafion.
And‘alfo the execllent Advice K. Staniflaus gave his Daugh-

_terather Departure from Strasburg. To which are prefix’,
Some Memoirs of the Family and -Fortunes of that Prince.

With a fhort Account of Poland and its Conftitutior, illu-
ftrated wath geographical Notes. Printed for Tho, Worrall
ar the Judge's Head againft St. Dunftan’s Church in’ Fleet-

O be lett at Ipfton, near Stoken-Church, in the County

of Oxon, a handfome large Dwelling-Honfe, 5 Rooms
on.a Floor, and good Gardens about the Houfe, with a good
Orchard, Fith-Pond, Dove-Houfe, Coach-Honfe and Stabling,
and all o“-her Conveniencies. N. B. The Houfe is to be tett,
either with or vithout so Acres. of arable Lind; the Houfe.
may be enter'd upon immediately, or at Chriftmas next, the.
Land at iichaelmas next, being ‘20 Miles fromi London, 6
fom High Wickham, 6 ‘rom Henley. Inquire of Mr. Walter,
Druggiit, at the Golden Crofs, Ruflel-Street, Coveni-Gar-

‘County of Oxen, and be farther fatisfy’d

CORDIAL TINCTURE ferthe Chrlick, truly prepar'd
bya Relation of his, the Vertues of which hath beén formerly
mention’d by a Let.er in this Paper, ic ‘being the molt fove-
reign Medicine and effeétual Cure for the Cholick, healing
the Rowels, creating Appetite, and reftoriig Health, pre-
venting the Gout in the Stomach. Sold-only at Mr.V. Grim-
ftend’s, a Tovfhop at the Black Swan ia St. Paul's Church-
Yard gat Mr. Garaway’s old Shop at the Sauth-Fntrance of
“the Royal-E.xchange; at Mr. Coontr’s, a Teyihop, the Cor-
ner of Charles-Street in the Strand. and at the Green Lamp
in Swallow-Streer, Piccadilly, fealed with three Flower de
Luces, at 3s. 6d. each “ottle. And at the fame Places,
with the fame Seal, is fold the Doétor's famous Styptick, juft
publithed, with whitch he has nreferv’d Numbers from falling
under the Surgeons tands, it being a fate and abfolute Cure
for all Cuts, Scratches, or Tairs in the Wleth, never {uffering
any Wound that it was dreit with, ever to fofter, or leaving
any Scar or Scum behind it, with Dircctions how to ufe ir,
and its Perfections more at large. Price xs.

T HIS univerfal Ritter is good for Confumptions or Afth-

It is well approved-o* by Peop'e of Diftinction, dnd a Wa-
ter fold thac changes Hair to a natural Brown in x few Days,
fo as never to change its Colour ; and a Lock of Hair may
be feen ready ftain’d; tn‘ likewife is fold an excellent Tin-
cture forthe Tyeth and Gums, which cures the Scurvy, and

faftensthe Tee:hto Admiration. It is fold at Mr. Smith's”

at the Flaming Sword, the Co ner of Peter’s Alicy in Grace-
Chureh-Street, near Cornhill ; Mr. Payne, at the Black-
Spread Eagle in Ludg-te-ftreet, near St. Paul's Church, and
Mrs. Pierce at the Goljen Fan in Grace-Church-Street. -

Againt the VENEREAL DISEASE.

HF. tamous Italian BOLUS, has fo great Succefs in

the Cure of the Venereal Difeafe, that not one of the
great Numbers that daily take it mifs of a perfect Cure; and
though fo very cheap as 2s. 6d. each, yet four Boluffes never
fail to yoot out and carry off the moft malignant,. virulent,
and obf{tinate kind of the venereal Difeafe, without Confine-
ment, or making your Cefe known to any ; which,:ifit fails
to do, the Money isreturned. ‘This great Medicine likewife
deftroys Mercury, .and carries it out of the Body, and thereby

relieves thofe unfortunate Perfons who have tatlen into bad -

Hands in former Cures. .Is to be hank only at the Flaming
Sword the corner of Ruffel-Street, over againft Will's Coffee

' Hove, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Place is Coun-

terfeit.

. Concerning Lunatick or Melancholy Peérfons.
NY Perfon that has Friend or Relation (of the femalé Sex)

f\ afflicted with Lunacy, may have them. treated with the
greateft Care and Lenity, where thete is a large Garden,
good Air, anda very pleafant Situation, not far from Lon-
on. ‘They are.attended by Nurfss or Servants of their own

Sex; no Man-Servant being allow’d of. There is likewiS

good Accommodation, ar an éafy Rote, for. Women-Luha-

ticks, of mélancholy Perfons, who aré deem'd or thought in-’

curable. quire at the Golden Key near the Penny Poft

Office in St. Chtiftopher’s Church-Yatd, ‘Threadneedle-Street,

hear the Royal-Exchange, and know farther.
we No Men L@naticks are entertain’d at the fimeé
Lot

REMONIES obferved .

den, or of Mr. Philip Gurdon, Draper, at. Thame in the |

Oétor Atton of Chefterfield in Derbythire, his ROYAL

mas, and Pthyfick and Shortne¢fs of Breath, and the like. -

{

‘al 7?
*
oh 3 "a

a oe + WPhis ry ig. * ? a a. tat, tad.

-~ €,* The Complete aee De Mae nets ing the. bel shat:

eafiet- Method: tor Rafing.. aud Cultivating every Sams-oF

‘Seed belonging to a Kitchen and Flower Gard«n3; a

ceffiry luftructions. -for-Sowing of Berries, Maft, Seg -

of Ever-Greeng, Foreft: ‘T ang flich as are proper Cee :

improving of Land.: Written at:the Command of a Perfuns =".

onour. By Benj.'Townfkend, formerly Gardener to the

Lord Middleton.. To which is aide, a Catalcgue-of -the .

Seeds, Plants, &c.-mentioned in this Tra4t, and to be found’

in a Seed-Man’s Shop. Recommended by R. Bradley, Fe.

RK. S. Printed for W. Mears att. the Lamb withour Fem”

pic-Bar, and fold by M:s. Arabella Fuller, at the Three |
wis and, Naked Boy over-againit the New Church in thé

Srrand. And of the faid W. Mears-may be had, lately put

I. Mr. Bradley’s new Improvements in Planting and Gary:
Cr

‘ where.to apply for Cure, as well as a

‘fecret-Difeafe, with more Eafe,

 expeGorates and throws no all fuch Matter with the

dening, compleat in one Vol. the qth E.tit. Hiuftrated wit
Copper Plates. . ae “ .
- -es- Works of Nature, fineCu’s, oy

,; Tif. 'Tranftation of Agricola of Husbandry, with carie ’
Ous Cuts. "os ate

IV. --- Two Decads of Succulent Plants, .

N. B. The 3disin the Prefs.’ Lak gy
F Lectuarium _Mirabile: Or, the Admirablé Eleétuary;
_» Which infailibly cures all Legrees‘and Symptoms o ‘the

} speed and, Safety, than any _
ledicine yet published; any ol Kooning, &e. though of
feveral Years ftanding, whether: oocafioned by an over-ftrdin.
Wea.knefs of the-Seminall, or the Relicts ofa former Infed3. -
on, is certainly cur’d.in a.thort Time Wwithowt a .Minuté’s. .
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ufe. of Aftringents, beings
Medicine fo wonderfully pleafang and eafy in Its Operation;
that the niceft Palate, or weakeft Conftitation, may take ig -
With Delight: Two Pots are generally fuficient to complesr

a Cure.in moft Cafes, To be had only of the Author Dr. Cam,

a Graduate Phyfician, who has publifhed it 20 Years, and fs .
conftantly to be advis’d with at his Houfe-at the Golden-Ball
and Lamp, in Bow-Church-¥ardin Cheapfide, at half'a Guinea

Elizabeth - Myers, Wife of Willian(«
Myers, Weaver, - living in. one of the.
> ten Houfes in Coverjey’s Ficlds in Mile
: End New ‘Town, -having. the Mistortune
to havea Piece of Mortar fall into my left Eye, which ocp
cafioned great Pain and Anguith, (notwithftanding we uf
fuch Means as we were adviftd was proper for the Same the
faid leit Eye became quite Blind, the Sight thereof being .
wholly Joft, and without any Hopes of ever recovering the
fame ; but being bya Friend directed to Mrs. Cater in Cae
ftle-Court, Birchin-Lane, Cornhill, fhe, at firit Sight, romi-°
fed, under God,’to bring me:'to my Sight.agiin, and did )
form the fame in as fhort a Time as could expected 5:
and this I do that Perfons in my late Condition -may know
grateful Acknowledg:
d the infallibiy
mex, or that.
No Lettere

ment for fb great a Cure.
Note, She cures without any Inftrument ;
cures the Agne, without the’ leat Grain of
they call the Fefuits Bark. ° Prices s. the Vial.
received except Poft paid..

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Ju-
lep, which is known by many Years Experience to beane-.-
ver failing Medicine in old obftinate Afthma’s, whofe fuffe, ©
cating Fit it puts off in a Moment; ‘it gives a vertect Relief. -
in ftraining laborious Coughs; that are unmercifully crouble: |
fome Night and-Morning ; ’tisa moft excellent: Remedy for
Shortnefs of Breath upon any Motion, and in Breathing with -
Difficulty, Straightnefs of the Breaft, with Hoarfenefs and’
Wheezing. Nothing expeeds this admirable Julep, for by open-. -
ing the Brouchial Duéts and Ptimmonick’ Paffa es; it’pene-

trates in the inmoft Recefles of the’Lungs, and there meeting.

wi h tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy

| Cem; foattenuat
divides, moves an

works it, that by coughing andfoitring, ij
reat

Eafe and Pleafure, thereby cleanfing and freeing the Bre

and Lungs, when ftuffed up and clogged with a heavy Load,and .

fo prevents Coniumptions, Ulcers of the Lungs, &c.: Note,

It_is a fafe and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken. by Spoonful, .

according to the printed Direétioris, without the leaft Confine-

ment, orDangerof catching Cold. To be had at: Mr. George

Strahan’s at the Golden-Ball over-againtft the Royal-Exchange,

Cornhill, aad at no other Place. Price 23. 6d. ,

TNcuRA NER VOSA.CARDIACA or the Cotdial .

Tincture for the Nerves, being ah approved, experienced
and never-failing Medicament in tinking, languifhing, and.
lownefs of Spjrits, Palpitation, ot. Trembling of the Heart, in
all paralitick, foporofe and convulfive Diftempers, and in alt
Afflictions of the Head and Nerves ; it in‘ajlibly .prevents the:
bad Effects of Coffee and Tea on the Nervea, whith o-ca‘ions
in moft People the above-mentioned Diforders {with many.
more, which you'l fée at large iri the Book of printed Dire ‘h-
ons) but yet by taking a few Drop$ of this moft pleafant de-
licate Cordial, in the firtt Dith of Coffee or Tea, yoti may then
drink‘at Liberty; for this great Medicine penetrates through
the whole ne. yous Syftem, and fo recruits the Brain and Pre-
cordia with a th] Infilux.or exulting Spirits, which per orm the
Bufinefs of vital Function with frefh Alacrity, and new Brisk-
nefs; fo that the Pulfe, which lay feeble and wavering; ROW |
falls a beating vigofonlly; and with great Exactnets; mares
ever, it wonderfully difperfes Fear, Sadne&, contiis’d ThOUBAES
Twitchings of the Legsand Arms, difturdd Sleen; and. all the. .
difmal Train of Vapours ang Melancholy: It likewi & pom |
Vomiting, puts of .Naufeouffiefs, procures a.good Apoetices .

and is'now in grear Efteem gmongtt Quality of the firft Ranks:
Sold only at G. Strahan’s, Booxfeller, at the Golden Bad ie - .
Cornhill, over againft the Royal-Rxdliange; at io cthat-

Place, Pricess, 6d.
 -

: This Day is publithed, _.

-~*.* A Reply to the Catholi¢k Anfver,” Ih
*. Sermon lacely pubdlithed : En

Rome. By Screnus Barret, Curate: of
_+ Printed for fhe Author
_- . ford-Arms in Warwick-La hilip Barret:at the Mit

; dn-Pleet-Strect. Price 1s, Where may te hal, his Sérmott.
will be publifhed, the fecond Edit‘on, with Ad-
; ditions and great Alterations, of
_*,* A-General Treatite of Husbandry. and. Gardening,

-~ Next Week

againtt. the Errors of the Ciusch. of
MidHirt in Stffex:

and fold by J. Roberts:

dne, :and Philip Bafrer:at the Mitre

- containing 4 new Syftem_of Vegetation ; iluftrated with
“‘midny Oblervations und Experiments, formerly publithed

' Monthly
7 Hea:ss, ¥

and rew methodiz’d
n four Parts..

and digefted pnier proper

-. Part I. Concerning the Improvement of Lend, by fertili-
zing bad Soi’s, of ftocking Farms with Cattle, Poultry, Fith,

Bees, Grafles,

Grain, Cyder, &c. 2.
Part. II. Inftruétions to a Gardener,

wherein is demon-

firated the Circulation of Sap, the Generation of Piants,
. the Nature of Soils, Air, and Situation. Of the Profits a-
rifing trom/Planting and raifing Timber.

bart IIT. Of the

car Obfervations relating to Gra

Ino-ulating.
“Part TV.

Management of Fruit Trecs, with parti-

fing, Inarching, and

Remarks on the Difpofition of Gardeas in ge-

neral. Of the Method of managing exotick Plants and
‘Flowers, and naturalizing them .to our Clim ite p with an

. Accetnt of Stoves,
ddornéd ‘with Cuts,

.
-

“nyein the Univerfity: of Cambridge, and F.R.S,

and artificial Heats. In t:vo
By:R. BRADLEY, Proveffor of Bota-

olumes,

Printed

‘24or.T. Woodward at the Half Moon. over-againft St. Dun-
‘ ftan's Church in Fleet-Streét, and J. Pecle at the Locke's-
Headin Pater-Nofter-ow. Price 125. —

- Mr.

a here may be had, a
Switzer’s practical Fruit Girdener, revifed and

recommender by Mi, LAWRENCE and Mr. BRADLEY.
If. Mr. Fairchiild’s Cicy Gardener. Price 'rs..
‘ . AN Sorts of RUPTURES, -

‘ BURSTEN or broken Bellies, perrectly cur’d by the. Blef-
) fing of Gad, either on old or young,
Time, and fora finall Charge, by two- Medic

in a very little
cines to be exter-

nally ufed, without any Pain to, or Goniinement af, the Pati-

ent. Thefe two -Remedies need no

other Recommendatien

than themfe'ves will manifeftin two or three Days ufing, ha-

ying

by their admirable and even aftonithing Succefs, gain’

the. f enutation they yuftly deferve both in City and Country,

for above thcfe twenty Years laft paft, after wearing Trul- -

Jes jor many Years, to no Purpofe: Many Hundreds of all

"Ages and “exes have been cur’d by them
this Publication, for the Good of the Publi

which occafioned
ck, that all fiich

‘unhappy Peonle may be delivered from the Charge and Slaye-
ry .ot ‘always wearing Truffles. They are feal’d up, at ¢ s. the
Parcel, whichis generally fufficient fora compleat Cure, ef-

.
aie
»

peciaty on a young Perfon, and is now (fince Mrs. Bradbury
et if Shopkecping) fold only by Mr. Sanders, Haberdasher

-. of Sunajl Wares, at the Blue-Ball Toyfhop in’ Fenchurch-

ecreet, near Aldgate.
"2 Taig,

N.B. It isby the Ufe of an eafy

&c. that thofe two external Medicines are applied to

the Part’ affected, till the Cure is perfected, as will be feen by
the DireJrions at large given with them.

phew, ¢ curt,
Small-Pox,

a

with other Defilements of the Skin.
efhe -prepares a fine [ralian Cream
“Wands, which plumps and-finooths the Skin to

.'T the Dove and Golden Ball in Salishury-
Court; Flect-ftreet, liveth a Gentlewoman
that-prepares the.moft exccilent Cofmetick or
= Beautifiers yet known, as that moft noble Pre-
ration of Pearl,. with a. particular. beautify-
ng Fluid, both which ufed by Ladfes of ‘the
~. firit Quality ; they, with Surprize, take away
Rednels, Pimn'es, Roughnefs, Worms, Mor-
Sun-burn, Freckles, Wrinkles, Pits. of the

Likewife
tor the Face, Neck, and
Admiration ;

the Nuns Whire-Pots, and Tower-Street Pots, with an Eatt-
India Chinefe Ked Liquor, none haying the Secret but her-
felf: It. gives a moft natural and lafting Bluth, that no Perfon

can diftingnith when onthe Face, and- not to

be rubb’d off

_ Alfo to be had, the red Crown Cikes, White-Pafte, or-Cakes

-or~the Face

or Hands, andall-other Cofiteticks formerly fold

here by Mrs.Hockle: NB. She has a chymical Liquor whirh

alters red or grey Hair

to alight or dark Brown.

The UNIVERSAL FAMILY MEDPCINE,
To be teken any Scafon of the Year. It is alfo ,
a (Certain and infallible Cure for the SCURVY,,. of the

L& longeft ftanding,

by a Corlial Etisxir, fo peculiarly ada

and the moft aggravate:! Circumftances,

ted to that Difeafe in

all its Forms of appearing, fromthe flighteft itching Humour

the Bload, to its ytmoft or laft Effort o@ human

Nature :

i .
t's nota rugged @urgative that difturbs the Patient in ta-

king it, but a true Specifick Cordial, t
that Diftemper by gentle Evacnation, b
rectifies the: Biood and
alfa fpeedity cured by it: and-all Spots,

and fo-powerfully
hwous Ce fi's are

Slotches, Pimmrles, &e. on tl
Cordial in the Stona

irdm it, helvs Digeftion, and is fo particularly adapted to all

ly taken off. It isa

_that perfectly cures
Steol and Urine,
Juices, that fcro-

on the Skin, are guickly and entire-

s removes all Pain

Cenftitutions, that it is the moft general Family Medicine
that ever was known, to be taken Spring and Fall, to pre-

. ferve Health.

Delehde of a!

Robertsnear the Ox? [-
‘f'in ancient Demefne, and of

*

a In a-few Days wit be publithed,

*,* Lex Manetiorum : Or, The Law’ and Cnitoms of
England, relating to Manors, and” Lords of Manors, their

tuards,. Deputies, Tenants, and others; viz. of the Lords
; Right tv Deudands, ? |

and Goods of Feio'de fe; wf the’ Privileges of their “Penants

>
.
‘

+

- Copyhold Eftates, Courts-Lect, Cottits-Baron, and: By-
' Laws there mide, and of Amerclaments; Fines «and Heri-
ots, and how to’be recovered; of Surrenders and Admitt n-
- ees to Copyholds, and of entailing them, and: of barring’
and difeuntinuing firch Entails by.
the” Lords: Court, and by otHer Methods; of -Leafes made
by Copyholders with Licence and_ without; alfo of Forfti-
thres and other Determinations of their Eftates.. The whole

being a methodical . ollection of the Cafes difperf:d- in the.

feveral Volumes: of thie-Law relating. to_Copyhald Eftates,
and to every Thing depending on that Tenure. To which

. is added, an Appendix of all the modern Entries of. Decla--

rations, Pleds {
fpecial Verdicts, Jrits of R:
“ting to the faid Cafes. With proper Tables. By. W.. Nel-
fon of the’ Middle-Temple, . B.{qs Printed. for “John Hooke
at the Flower’ dé Luce againft St. Dunftan’s Church in Fleet-
reet, | | a

TH E, Hemorrhoides or PILES 0° any Kind, or in either
Séx, abfolutely cured fo as never to.return -again,-by'a
pleafant Specifick Eectuary, now recominended by the molt

Eplicatio, s, Kejoinders, Demurters, Ifftes,

celebrated Phyficians as the only cer‘ain Medicine for that -
Indifpdfition’ in the World; for in the fharpeft Pain, and _

moft miftrable Torture, it gives furprizing Relief, and al-
moft miraculous Eafe ; no fooner is ittaken fcarcely, but.all
manner of Uneafinefs vanifhes, as if by Inchantment, and
the Patient becomes:as perfe“tly well an: frée from Piih, as
if n> fuch Malady hai-ever been; and this it not only ac-
" eomplifhés for the prefent in all Pérfsns-.whatfoever, but alfo
by totally fubduing all Sharpnefs in the Blood and Juices,
jt c:rtajnly prevents any Return.of the Piles for the.fu-
turé, fa as entirely to crre that [[lnefs, and thereby prevent
Fiftula’s and other direful Confequences that cannot be too
much dreaded, Hundteds of Men and Women, who had for
many Years, more orlefs, been wretchedly afflicted with the
Piles, have, at once, been per‘ectly cured by this great Re-
medy, to their no lefs Joy and Comfort than. Admiration :
It is fo fafe, that a fucking Child might take it without In-
convenience, for it never Occafions the !eaft Trouble or Dif-
order, and is fo very agrec able; as not to give any Diftafte
to the niezft Palate. Is f:ld only at Jacob's Coff-e-Houte,
againft the Angel and Crown Tavern in Threadneele-ftreet,
behind the Royal-Exchange, at ss 2 Pot, with Directions,
; _ Soecifick Drops for DEAFNESS. |
WHich entirey cure that Mis:ortune, fo as not to r-turn
again, after all other Means have becn ufeéd without
- Suecef$; as ail Thicknefs of Hearing, Pain and Noife in the
Ears, &c. ‘The wonderful Elects of the laudable DROPS are
truly furprizing, for they Remedy. all Defers of the hearing
Faculty, tho’ of many Years ftanding, almoft in an In tani,
caufing thofe to hear excecding yuck and well, who be ore
were in a manner totally deaf. Hundreds who were fo very
‘bad, as not able to hear a Dram when beat ciofe by them, and
therefore defpair'd of being ever reliev'd, have been quickly
and perfeétly cured by them, to their gréat Joy and Admir2-
tion. They alfo effe tually remove all Pain oecafion’d by Cold,
cd:nfort and ftrengthen the Tympanum, or Drum of the Ear,
tree the auditory Nerves from wbitruction, and rectify all Dif-
orders fo abfolutely, and in fo fhore a Space of Time, that
ond would fearee think it poffible, did not the largeft Expe-
rience evince the Truth of it In a Word, nothing in Na-
_ ture can come neat them for the certain and. almoft immedi-
ate Cure of DEAFNESS, preceeding from what Canft fo-
_ever; but the great Efteem and Reputation they have juftl
gain’d for many Years paft, have occafion’d (as ufual in-fluc
Cafes) many Counte 3 C
of fuch Impo‘itions, thefe excellent and only true Specitick
Drops being to be had only, by the Author’s Aopointment
of the Gentlewoman at the Iwo Blue Pofts in Haydon-Yar
jn the Minories; at ss. 6d. a Bottle; with wirections, and

Py

no where elfe in England. _.
The Grand Specifick for cleanfing aud
Reins, &c

‘Medicine that may be depended on as abfolutely effectua)
A for carrying off by Urine, fa‘ely and fpeedily, all the

+1.

ftrengthning the

Relicks of feeret Injuries, Remains o° pernicious. unskilfully:

prepared mercurials, gleets or weaknefles, through tedious or
ill-managed cures of the Venerea!l Difeafe ; or from felt-po-
lution, inordinate coition ; alfoany weaknefles of the Veflels
from wrenches, ftrairis, blows, or fails, a
ons in the urinary paffages, even, ftranguaries, ulcers, &e, are
perfeétly cured by it, be they.of everto long Randing. This
noble feecifiek is alfo of fmgular and very extraordinary ufe
and-efficacy, where there is any gravel, or even {mall ftones,
flime, or any other.matter thatobftructs the urine; bringing
all away in a few times taking, with fafcty. t
. and_ recovers, after a peculiar manner, al! relaxations of the
veflels, confirms the pets, bringing all into right order, and
thereby perfects the cureto admiration. It’s a very pleafant
‘medicine, and may be taken with pleafire, and will he found
of uncommon benefit fo miankind, beyond expectation 5
which is the reafon of its being’ made publick, and to obvi-

- conimended trom onz triend to: another; the vaft

Felons Good, Waifs, Fitrays; Wrecks, :
and virtues, which moft: perfectly ctires them,

- things. premifed have been ineffectual,

Widows Free-?ench, &e. -of- ; en |
{mail time, without confinémient,” by attentating and open-.

‘ftrugged by humours‘dripping thereon,
' ding, colass &e: It caufts preftntly a tree peripiration; Te."

ines:and Recoveries in’ | newing

“ny. other diftempers, by maintaining, prefervin

Recordari, Certiorari, &c..rela-.

” Etfidacy fa

-bad, in a very fhort

rfeits to come abroad, bew2te theréfore |

Fottle.

and all other obftruéti- .

It ftrengthens |

An infallitte Remedy Sor broken winded Horfe
T H:A T. hath been publithed and told many-years before
any counterteits in other forms appeared; and highly
its: eficase
‘emeacy..
atter many
to a wonder;"in a-

that have been fold, doth alfo verify, the rrueh of

ing the giobulcs of the lungs dried up, and ail p2fages ob-
occafioned by hard’ ri-
its force, vigour and length, as well as ever ;
only alittle touch'd fc cures immediate! Y, 4s alto ail congas
colds, wheefings, &c. being alfo excellent in preventing mae”
: and conti-
nuing a good. breath ; and, in a word, by this me cane alone
many Hortes have been made fa perfeztly found; and’ have
been fold tor 10 or r2 which by being btoken winded could not
betore be fold for 3 or q 1. is fold at Mr. Lockton’s toyihop. at
the Griffin, the corner of bucklersbury in the poultr;
6d. thequirt Sottle, with dircctions.

ONSUMPTIONS of all forts radically cur’d, b '
C Elixir peculiarly invented for that Difea: Sumas
*y fufficiently explodes the erroneous Opinion, that Cone
fixmptions are incurable, fince it abtolutely relieves che Patienr,
tho’ redue’d to a meer Skeleton; quickly takes off all the
Symptoms, as Cough, Flearfenef$’, (Wheefing, Shortn= of
Breath, Painor Weight in the Breaft, Spicting of Biood, Sore-
nefs.of the Stomach, Throat or Windpipe: Alfo Car: cbs oF
Deduxions of fharp Kheum, and all phthyfical and: tical
Effects, hestic Fever, &e perfectly cures all internal Ulcers
reftores all inward W..ftiags, Weaknef and Decay of Nature,
being balfamic and Arengthening beyond Comparifon. It affu-
redly eradicates the fir Principle or Ciufe of Confumptions
rectifying the Diforders of' the Stomach and tirft Paflages_ crea-
ting an skppetite, procuring a good Digeftion, reducing the
vicious Ferment of the Blood and Juices, correcting the acrid
Salts that erode the Lungs, certainly healing Uicers therein
and infallibly curing all forts of Copfumptions, tho’ never fo
1 a very fhort Time, toa Miracle. Price 3s. 6d. a Bot
tle, with Directions. Is fold only at Mr. Rad‘ord’s Toythop, -
at the Rof and Crown againft St. Clement's Charch- Yard in
the Strand, near Arundel-Street End. -

WRIGHT"s Dieuretick, or cleanfing Tin¢ture. .
Which urinally difcharges ali the feces or putrid xelicks- of
the Lues Alamode, or Venereal intection,.and caufes
its Concomitants, the wretched Train of that complicated
Diftemper, asa mucous, filthy, fanious Matter lodg'din the
-Reins, or fpermatick Parts, which either caufe a tharpnefsin
the Urine, or too trequently provokesit. This Relick is
difcoverable, partly by the flibfequent Symptoms, viz. by a

a

ry at.qa.”

*

Debility or WeaknefS of the Back, a fetid naufeous, and

averting Smell of the Urine, with a purulent Matter}. or
feculenr Sordes, reiiding at the Bottom, or dyingin it, with
Variety of Figures. Farther, this Tincture efpecially carries-

off all Relicks of the Venereal Difeafe, afcer ill mana

Cures, net only cleanfing the Urinary Paflages ot al] Sand,
Gravel, Films, or mie¢mbrancous Peilicles, ‘ee “but after a
fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reltoring them, and_
all their genital Parts, to their original Tone and Uf, ‘though
the Mistorrune and Decay be of the longeft Date, with an e-

ual Sucecls in each Sex. To be-had for 10s. per Hottie, with

irectiens for its Ufc, only-at his Houfe, the Golden Head
and two Lamps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill,

T the HUNGARY WATER WARE-
: HOVSE, at. the Black Boyand Comb,
a Combl-Makers, the Corner af Bell-Savage-
Inn on Ludgate-Hill, is. fold-right French
i Hungary Water, being the fame Sort fold
m ii feveral Years paft, and is eafily diftinguifhed
call Mae} from the pernicious counterfeit Sort fold a-
sere eG) bout the Town, pretended to be imported
trom Montpelier, &c. Likewife the following foreign Come
modities are fold at the fame Place, viz. ~ = - . -
Half-Ping

paren

we . ne ae
— “7? —_—-
’

Right French Hungary Water, at 1 s. 3d. the

Fine Florence Oil, at 2s. per Flask.

Right Irith Ufqv:baugh, at 2s. the Half-pint Bottle.

Fine Orange-Flower Water, at 1s 6d. per Flask. -

Right Barbadoes Citron Water, at 14s. per Quart. °

‘Right Freach Claret at 20 s. per Dozen. |

AN Sorts of Leghorn and Bernuda Hatts for. Ladies: .

N. B. There is a Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Flask; tte
prevent Counterfeits,

N infallibte Cure ‘or the STONE and GRAVEL, whe-
ther in the reins or bladder, by an isfcomparable chymi-

cal liquor, which in the moft racking fits gives inftant eafe,
and pertectly frees the patient from ail pains.in the back, and
thofe piins fo. much like thecholick, dilaces the ureters,
makes them flippery, that finalfcones.and gravel may pafs

fromthe reins to.be voided vifibly with urine, without piins -

cleinfes the Kidneys, bladder, and all the urinary patlages
trom flimy-calculous matter, certainly takes of all heat,
pain and froppage of urine, and abfolutely bre aks and diffolves
all large fcones (potfible to. be difloivet) whether in the
vidneys or bladder, fo as entirely to cure the diftemper 5.
affuredly prevents the. fcone in thofe that are troubled only
with gtavel, and for all diforiers of the rayne and bladder,

-

i aro Ball on ° die) Dock ull nee te the ignorance of pretenders in all the cafes above-men-
i amnte-Strect, pny ve the Bottic... Where good ANowance tioned. ne botrle, in matt cafes, is fufficient ‘ora perfect | carne’ be parallel'd. 4s old only at be ; ie grou
is-Biven by Wholefale to Country Shapkeensrs, &e. (ontina | cure, as you will fee by the direStions given with it. Sold for | againts the ngel and Crown avernin oy ea pir ik rect. .
City, or Town) to fell again. The Directions given with it.| 78° 64, the bottle at Mr. Lockton’s toyfhop at the Griffin, Drei the Koyal-Eachange, at 35, 6d, a. DOEtIC, wign,
atc lage and full : The Medicine willkeep many Years. the corner of bycklersbury in the poultry. . irections, — ; oy
oy _ LON BON: Primed by WM. Ats/S 1,10 Great Carters Laue. -
|

ate Oe a
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 16 Oct. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786193/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 