meeenk a Man now a-days is to write a-
cai: ft Luxury, or any prevailing

eee. Kolly of the Times, he mutt at-

a vaeemea| endetvour to turn the Laugh of

tack ot in the ridiculous Side, and

‘Es the World againft the Fops who

ruji into it, or ele he will hardly make any Con-

verts ; fur if he Should exhort People ferioufly a-

 gainft fuch or fuch a Folly, by exprefling the
Immorality which attends the Praftice of it, I’m
apt to think the greareft Parc of this pious Town
woild laugh ar him.

But, J firsl, it was not fo of old, for; in the

Works of Sr. Chryfoffom, there is ftill extant an
Exhortation againit embroider’d Shoes: He does not
treat the-Sabje& in an ironical or ludicrous Man-
ner, but endeavours to draw them out of this filly
Fafhion, by fhewing them the Sinfulnefs of fuch
a Piece of Vanity. —

I am afraid what he faid to the Fops of his

Time, will not ferve asa Lefion to ours; how-
ever, there is fomething fo fingular in his Man-
ner of treating this Subje&, char I cannot forbear
prefenting the Reader with part of ic.

4
46
‘
4
+
aé
4:
ry}
‘
4
<
<
<
4¢
‘4
46
<<
“te
€¢
<
‘
<
rT?
cé
‘
“
ke
ke
ke

a

aA ww

ao wie & ef

“a

a A

é
<¢
4
4
4
<
€
4¢
a 4

Ce ee ee ee . ee

\, as
) pec
¢

\

“¢ Perhaps it will be faid, what can be a more
pardonable Sin (if it be any Sin at all,) than
to wear a Shoe well made, and neatly firted
to the Foot: This is, indeed, a fofr Excufe, but
give me Leave to anfwer you, thar all Vani-
ties are finful. Ler us confider this Matter
with Care, and examine’ whither the Evil
tends. Is it not a -Meannets you oughr to blufh
for, to have Silk embroider’d-upon your Shoes,
which you ought nor even to wear upon your
Garment ? If you are not to be coavine’d with
what I fay, hear with whar Earneftnefs Sr.
Paul condemns this Excefs, and {ubmit to fo
inconteftible an Authority : Let ber not appear a-
dorn'’d, Nays he, with the plaiting of the Hair,
avith Gold Pearls, nor with precious Stones. What
Excufe can you have, when St. Fax! does not
allow married Women to be curious in their
Habits, to be fo in your Shoes? Our Fore-
fathers had an Averfion to this childifh Finery ;
their Drefs was decent, withour this unmanly
Softnefs. For my own Part, I forefte, that the
young Men of this Age will not blufh to wear
the Habits of Women; and, what is ftill more
infupportable, is, that the Fathers can {ce this
Extravagancy in their Sons, and indulge them
in it, as tho’ it were a Thing wholly inciffcrenc.
And, prdy, can you think iris not a moft hor-
rid Sin to run into thefe vain Expences, while
fo many poor Creatures aredving with Hunger?
% You fee JESUS CHRIST in the midit of
you, bot. hungry and naked, and loaden with
Trons, then, what Pusifhment do you. not de-
ferve, thus to nevle€&t him, and, whilit he
wants Neceflaries, to employ the Money with
which he ought to be relicved, in adorning
our Shoes? JESUS CHRIST formerly for-
fad his Difcipls to wear any Shoes ; but we
age fo far from imitating them ; that we can-
not be content with ufing them within the
Bounds of Decency and Neceffity,
« Jam in doubt whether to laugh at,_or Ja-
ment the Irregularity of thofe People, who, at
the fame Time, difcover the Effeminacy of
their Hearts, the Cruelty of their Tempers, and
the Weaknefs and Vanity of their Minds.- Can
a. Man, who ia taken up with thels Trifles,

L}

2

SATURDAY, DEGEMBER 4, 1725.

~“ upon this cruel Vanity, what ought to be ap-

“© fix'd on the Earth, in Oppofition to the De-

““ Devil a Shoe, you reje& Heaven and prefer the

-“ into this Bafenefs, «and yer are afraid of fink-

WEEKLY JOURNAL, — Cris

thofe of his Holinefs, upon the Subje& of the
Affair of Thorn ; fince which; they cell us, that
notwithftanding his Holinefs ac firft declared a<
gainft all Perfecution and Cruelty, for the Propa-
gation of the Faith, yet the Proceeding in this -
Affair has beén'reprefented to him in fach'a
Light, that he is now come to:a Rceflution of
afiifting the Poles with a largé Sum of Money,
in Cafe they fhould be invaded by any Power, om
the Score of Religion: Ard it is fiirmifed by
‘fome, that the Emperor has ingaged to furnifh |
them alfo a Body of Troops; bur this is not yee
made publick. In the mean Time the Mi-
nifters of the Court of Vienna fecin to have their
‘Hands full of Bufinefs, for Courier; are every
Day difpatch’d either to the Court of Madrid, of
Ruffia, or to the Ortoman-Porte. They talkof
feveral Alterations in the foreign Miniftries, as,
that Count Staremberg is not: to return any more
to London, but that Count Bentenrieder is to fuc~
ceed ‘him in that Embafly;-and that the faid
‘Count Staremberg is to receive a Commiffion to
go to the Court of Pruffia. There is alfo an ex-
traordinary Embafly appointed for’the Court of
Ruflia, and fome others: are talk’d of, tho’ Per-
fons are not yet named for them. —. ot
_ There isan Exprefs alfo. arrived from Conftan-
tinople with Advice, that the Squadron of four
Men of War belonging to the Porte, and havin
on hoard Commiffaries of the Empcror of : a
‘many, as well as of the Grand Sig tor, NAIA
te Algiers in order to make a Peace betwixt his
Imperial Majefty and that State; but that they
cou’d not be prevail'd upon to come into it;
neither would they make any Satisfa@tion for
the Offend Ship taken Jong fance by -fome of their
Corfairs; and that they could not’ be browght to
releafe the Supercargoes and Officers of’ the Ship,
who are ftill Prifoners, unlefs a good Ranfome
were paid for them.--However, that the State of
Tunis had come into a Truce upon the Terms
propofed by the Imperial Commiffaries, who
were treated. with extraordinary Marks of Re-
{pett.—And that the State of ‘{‘ripoli was about
to follow their Example. |
The Advices from Perfia inform us of feveral
new Acquifitions of the] Oftomans, whofe Arms
have met with little or ne Oppofition,y the Coun-
try being again unhappily torn to ‘pieces by a Ci-
vil War; | for according to thefe ‘Advices, upon
the Death of Meriweys, a younger Son of the
late Sophi having made a powerful Party, caufed
himfelf to be declared Emperor, and marchin;
towards Ifpahan, came to a Battle with the oldett
Prince, and thar the latter was defeated and ob-
liged to fly. a
N. B. The Letter fign’'d L. M; that fien'd Ebe-
nezer Praftice, and the Letter fiom Sarum pall
be inferted in opr next. } co sO .
Gla[gow, Nov. 16. This being the Day appoint-
ed by the Lorcs of the Joltciary fou extenting }
their Sentence againft the 3 Rioters, Hamilton,
Buchannan, and’ M. Farlane, the Execution was
accordingly performed, by whipping thefe three
Perfons abour the middJé of the Day, ~ firtt before
| Mr. Cainpbell of Shawfield his Houfe, and theres
FOREIGN AFFAIRS - after atthe met publick ‘Places’ of the principal
They write from Vignna, that feveral Exy | Streets of thig City, by the Hands. of the common,
preffes are arrived there, difpatch’d. from the |. Hangman, in the manner dire&ed by the Ben--
Court of Rome, concerning fome Conferences | tence: The Depnty Sheriff with his SubQi-
held there betwixt the Emperor's Minifter and-|. cure aud ther Officers were prefent, and the

‘* ever be capable of thinking any thing ufeful or
‘¢ {erious? Can he:have any Regard for his Soul,
** or any Belief thar-he has a Soul? And mutt
‘© he not havea Heart of Iron, who can beftow .

* plied to the Relicf of the Poor?. How fhould
* yoar Thoughts: be applied either to Piety ‘or
“ Vertue, when they aré wholly poifefs'd with
© frivolous Objeéts 2 How can he, whofe greatett
« Glory lies in his Feet; who places his Ambition
sc in having Men adniire the Brightmef§ of the
«© Silk, rhe Beauty of the Flowers, the Curiofity
«© of the Necdle-work, and all thofe other Or-
«© naments ‘which aref laid our upon his Shoes; I
«¢ fay, how fhou'd fuch a one lift up his Eyes to
«© Heaven ?

‘“* How fhon’d he attend the Beauty of the U-
«¢ niverfe, whofe Mind is only poffefs’d with the
«© Beauty of his Shoes? The Lord has placed
« the Heavens over the Earth, and ftretch’d
« them wide, where he has fix’d that beautiful
«« and luminous Body the Sun, on purpofe that
‘© our Eyes might be engaged by fo admirable an
«© Objet, and you on the contrary keep them

« fions of the Almighty, and in Faveur of thofe
“ of the Devil, who is the Author of thefe Va-
“ nities. It is he chat has invented thefe thame-
‘© ful and filly Ornaments on purpofe to feduce:
“ you, and to diverc your Accentiens from true
“and lafting Beauties: It is he that employs all
“¢ his Power to make you defcend from Heaven to
‘¢ Karth, and he has fo thoroughly fucceeded in
‘© it, that whilft God fhews you Heaven, and the

« Shoe.

‘© T condemn net the Matter of it, becaufe it
“ is the Workmanfhip of God, but the Luxury
‘and Finery of it, becaufe it is the Contrivance
“ of the Devil: We fee a young Man walking
“ with his Eyes fix’d on the Earth, altho’ God
‘© commands him to lift them up to Heaven,
“and placing his Glory not in the Modefty and
‘ Prubiry of his Life, but in the finenefs of his
“ Shoe: we fee him walking in the Screets on
“ his Tiptoes, leaft a Speck of Dirt in Winter,
“ora little Duft in Summer fhould tarnifh the
“ Beauty of his fine Shoes; how do you plunge
“© vour felves in the Dirt by a Paffion fo mean!
“ Yon are nor afraid of letting your Souls fink

‘© ing your Shoes in the Dirt, if you did but
‘© well confider the End and Ufe of them, fure
“ you would quit thefe vain Apprehenfions.

© Are not Shoes made and defign’d fur’ walk-
‘ing in, in the worft of. Ways without Fear ?
© If you are fo apprehenfive of {pviling fuch pre- .
“ cious Shoes, why do you not wear them upon
‘© your Heads, or tie them to a fine Bracelet, and
“¢ hang them abour your Necks? that they may be
‘© of no ufe burt to adorn you. !

‘You laugh, my Brethren, whilft Tam faying
“ this, bur for my part, I can fearce forbear ery-
“¢ ing; for this Folly pierces me to the Heart, ard
“ this Atachment to Vanity gricves my very
“ Soul. on | _
 Kigifire es of this City, with théir Officers,
gave fui:able Aid and Affiftance ; and not one In-
habitant, or other Perfon, did otfer the leaft Di-
fturbance. —- — :
Edinburgh, Nov. 23. Friday laft the three Glaf-

" gow Rioters were brought back hither, and com-
- mitted tothe Tolbooth till an Occatfion for Tran-

fportation. Laft Week a Petition was of-
ford in Favour of thofe of the Linlithgow People

- in Cuftody here, on Account of the late Diforders

%

—_o

' his Lorafhip’s Diocefe.

at the Eleftion of Magiftrates for that Burgh,
raying tobetry’d. The Libel againft them fers
orth, That Thomas Hunter Merchant, John Brice
Maltman, Will. Bell of Aventoun, Edward Spence
Taylor, Thomas Andrew Maltman, John Mackil-
freifh, Son to——- George Mackilfreifh Cordiner,
William and Hugh Duncans, Baxters, William
Kellic Tanner, James Bread Thread-maker,
ohn Cleland Conitable, Robert Lang Weaver,
homas Ralton Cordiner, Alex. Adam Wright,
William Machry elder, Refidenter, and Robert
Forefter, Servant to Alexander Bell; al] of Lin-
lithgow: Are all and each of them, or one or
other of them, guilty A€tors Art and Part of the
Crimes of privy Conventions within Burgh, with-
out Licence of the chief Magiftrate, in Hin.drance
of the common Law, &c. and rioroufly and tu-
multuoufly convocating themfelves, afluulting the
Perfon of the chicf Magiftrate ; and wilfully and
knowingly, with Foxce of Arms, oppofing and
obftru€ting thofe who began to read the A& pri-
mo Georgii, for preventing Rists and tumultuous Af-
femblies, &c. and continuing them{clves, thus con-
vocate, to the Number of or more, after fuch
Proclamation read, St-endeavour’d to be read.
And concludes, That the haill Perfons above com-
“plain’d‘upon (the Fa&ts being proven) ougit to
e puni ied with the Pains of Law; ar leaft de-
clar’d uncapable of publick Truft within Burgh,
to forfeir their Burges-fhip, and be otherwife pu-
nifhed in their Perfon and Goods, &c.

We hear but little of what pafs’d in the Affair
of the Beith-Riorers, or that of the Maltftcrs of
Aberdeen. |

The Rofe Man of War is failed out of the
Frith.

. They write from Aberdeen, that. their. Principal,
the Dottors Profeffors, and Mafters of King’s
College, have unanimofly conferr’d the Degree
of Doétor in Phyfick upon Mr. Thomas Barham,
of Chefhunr in Hertfordfhire.—- Alfo thar Doftor
Fraizer’s Buildings in the faid College go ona
pace; whereby it’s hop’d other generous Friends
may be excited to follow his laudable Example,
in A&s of Beneficence to that Learned Body.

Dublin, Nov. 22. A Daughter of the Bifhop
of Meath was lately married to a Clergyman of
The Houfe of Com-
mons have order’d a Bill to be brought in for
providing, that no Perfon converted from the Po-
pith Religion, whofe Wife or Children fhould
continue therein, fhall be admitted to any Office
or Employment, or be chofe a Member of that
Houfe, till feven Years after his Converfion.

From Yarmouth, in the Ife of Wight, That Mr.
Huxley, a Commiffioner of the Vi@ualling, was
likely to be chofe their Reprefentative in Parlia-
ment, without Oppofitionn 2 ||
’ From Port/mouth, ‘That a Gunner having robb’d
his Comrade’s Trunk of 11 1. 10 s. was to be try’d
for ic by a Courrt-Marfhal. |

Norwich, Nov. 27- Yelterday two Men were ta-
ken up on Pretence.of Falfe-Pollers for Mr.

- Churchman, at the late EleGion for an Alder-

- man, bur one of ‘em was difcharg’d immediately ;

the other was committed, notwithftanding he pro-
tefted he never polled ar all. | oe
' Briftol, Nov. 28: Mrs. Crackraim, an ancient

1 ler an

Woman, in the Parith of St. Michael, had-the : the other A Poem in Pyaife of Drunkennefs, or the

Misfortune to fer her Apron on fire, which {eizing
her other Cloaths, it burnt her fo that fhe died
laft Night. | .

From Novth-Wilts, That fome Time ago a Wo-
man, who liv’d wirh a Baker as a Servant, was
deliver’d of two Baftard Children, which fhe
laid to another Perfon, but afterwards left them
to perifh for want of Nourifhment.

Somerton, Somerfetpire, Nov. 29. Laft Week a_

poor miferabie old Woman, faid to be worth a-
bove 1000}. that lived in a Houfe by her felf,
three Mile from this Place, was knock’d in the
Head by a Fellow who broke in at the Top of
the Houle, thro’ the Thatch, with Intent to rob
her; but fhe, not declaring where her Mon

lay, he killed her with a Cliff of Wood thar tay
in the Chimney Corner. The Cries of the Wo-

_man being heard by a Neighbour, he got Af-

fiftance, and invefted the Houfe before the Rogue

could efcape; who being taken, was committed ©

to Iichefter Goal.
Gloucefter, Nov. 27. Monday laft being the An-
niverfary of St. Cecilia, the fame was ufher’d in

With ringing of Bells; and at the Cathedral, in

the Morning, was perform’d Dr. Croft’s Te De-
um, &c. from whence the Membeis of the Mu-
fick-Club proeccded to the Swan Inn, to celebrate
their annual Feaft, which was very great and
fplendid.; And in the Afternoon was a fine Vo-
luntary and Anthem at the Cathedral, anda Con-
fort of Mufick in the Evening at their Club-
Room, which was honour’d with a great Number
of Gentlemen and Ladies.. We are inform’d the
fame was handfemly obferved by the Gentlemen
at Hereford and Worcefter.

They write from Malmesbury in Wilts, that on

Wednefday the 17th paft, Anne, the Wife of

John Baily, of that Borough, was deliver'd of a_

Male Child, which hath five Fingers and a Thumb
on each Hand, and fix Toes on each Foot; and
Sunday 21ft it was baptiz'd by the Name of Hum-
prey : Ir is a very fine Child, and likely to
ive. | ,
Maidftone, Dec. 2. Laft Saturday Lancelot Dow-
Theophilus Cottam were committed io
our Goal; the former for embezzeling, and che
latter for concealing his Majefty’s Stores at Wool-
wich. —'Swo Women, who went along with
the Felons to Gravefend, and begg’d to be ta’ -
fporred, were rejeéted by Mr. Forward, who cb-
ferv’d tothem they were contraband Goods, and not

legally confien'd to hin.

LONDON December q.
On Tuefday Morning dy’d a young Genfeman in
Grange-Court in. Lincoln‘s-lnn-Fields, who had
cut his Throat fome Days before, the Wound was

|

+ we hear, made a
{ Me
Ale

Nun in her Smock. ,

The fame Night a Gentleman’s Chair was
ftopp’d by fome Rogues, coming up the Road
from Gray's-Inn-Lane to Bedford-Row ; but
fome People coming with Lights, the Rogues ran
for it, without having got any Prey. | *

The Pacquet which went from Edinburgh on
Saturday Night, the zoth paft, was -loft beewixr
Berwick and Belford. A moft diligent Search
has been made, but neither the Boy, the tiorfe
nor the Pacquet have been yer heard of. The
Boy, after pafling Gofwick, having a Part of the
Sands to ride, which divide the Holy-Ifland from
the Main-Land, it is fippofed he has miffed his
Way, being very dark, and rode toward che Sea
where he and his Horfe have bors perifhed.

Deaths and Cafaulties, Juftice Kirby of Shad-
well inthe 84th Year ot his Age. Mr.
Leonard, an eminent Vintner without Temple-
Bar. Bell Jones, Efq; Secretary to the
Office of Ordnance at the Tower. Mr. Pur-
cel, Houfe-kecper and Valet de Chambre to his
Royal Highnefs.——The Hon. Mf. Cecil, Minifter
of Harfeild in Hertfordfhire, a Living worth
toco |. per Ann. Mr. Papillon of Hackney,
worth 70,0c0 I. Mr. Robert Hulls, « rich
Spanifh Merchant, worth-20,0c0 |. A Man
dropp'd down dead under Bifhopfgate.

The York Frigat of Briftol, bound from Holland
to Philadelphia, having abour 300 Palatines on
board, was loft on the gth of Oétober, ona Sand
in Delaware Bay in Pentylvania, but all the People
were faved and Part of the Cargoe.

The Hannah and Mary, John Barrow Mafter,
bound from Gottenburgh to ‘Londen, founder’« at
Sea, bur a Veffcl that was in Sight tock up the
People and carried them to Hollar.d.

Preferments and Marriages. Audrew Doyle, Efq;
made Major to Coll. Luca.’s Regiment of Feor.
Mr. Jones made a Clerk in the Trewiury.
——Archibald Macdonald, Etg; mauve Enfign in
Captvin Merccand’s Independent. Coinpany. ---—
—— Fleming, Efq; mace Brigadier and Lieute-
nant inthe 2d Troop uf Horfe-Guards, comimand-
ed by the Earl of Heriford - Price, Eq;
made Sub. Brigadier and Cernet in the faid Troop.
Roger Laurence, Efq; maie a Captain in
brigadier Groves’s Regimer: of Foot. ohn
Willes, iy; one of his Majcfty’s Council at Law,
Welch Judge in the Room of
Jefferies, deceafed.--- and that Mr. Cockburn,
Secretary to the Duke of Argyle, fuccecds Bell
Jones, Efq; in the Ordnance Office. —~The Rev.
Mr. Lucas chofe Le€turer of St. George the Mar-
tyr. —_——- Mr. Tho. Churchill, made Mafter
Bricklayer of all his Majefty’s Works, in rhe
Room of Mr. Tho. Hughes, deceafed,——

perfe@ly cur’d, he would take no Manner of |-Henry Talbot, Efg; Son to the Bifhop of Dur-

Suftenance, fo that he feem’d to be ftarv’d to
Death : He was ty’d down to his Bed, and dy’d
raving mad,

We hear that the Lady Lynn has had a Fall
from her Horfe, as fhe was Hunting, which very

‘much alarm’d the Family, and, “twas fear’d,

would be of ill Confequence ;. but, upon proper
Applications, her Ladyfhip is perfely recover’d.

We hear from Windfor, that a fine Monument
is there ereCting for Samuel Travers, Efg; late
Treafurer to the Prince, who has left a large
‘Endowment for 6 or 8 poor Knights, to be ad-
ded to our Number, with a more plentiful Salary,
and Moncey for building new Houfets for this his
Foundation. .

~Tuefday laft Mr. Curl, the Bookfeller, was
caft ar the King’s Bench, upon two Informations

-againft him, for publifhing two vile aud dcanda-
lous Books ; the one call’d De ufu Flagrorum, and

ham, married co a Daughter of Counfellor Clop~
ton, of Stratford upon Avon, Warwickfhire. ——
Sir Tho Mafters, to the Widow of Mr. Rhodes,
the rich Bookicller. —_——T ho. Molineux of Wr-

-rington in Lancafhire, Efq; to MifS -Collins of

Weftminiter._ .

Thufday a Meffenger arrived from Hanover
with Orders for the Guards to fet out, his Ma-
jefty. being to fet forward as that Day. The
fame Day the Lords Juftices, the Council, and the
Lords of the Admiralty, far feverally ; and, ‘tis
faid, Orders are given to have every Thing in

Readinefs for fitting out a Squadron. on the firft

Notice, when there fhould be Occafion.

Duncan Forbes, Efq; his Majefty’s Advocate for :

Scotland, and John Forbes, Efq; are fet out for
the Bath , from whence the Duke of Bolton and
his Brother are gone to his Grace’s Seat at Hack»
wood in Hampfhirc, emee Sir Wins Morgen is

wee
 not in Town, as fome Papers fay, but at Upton-

“hold in Gloucefterfhire. _
On Tuefday two Men were try’d at the Sit-

tings in the Exchequer-Courr, Weftminfter, for
fhipping off from Plymouth for France, a lirge
Quantity of Virginia Tobacco at feveral Times,
ou which a Drawback was allow’d them ; but re-

‘Janding it afterwards privately, and fo defrau-

ding the Goverment of the faid Drawback ; and
a Verdi& went againft them for goo |.
Laft Week the Church-Wardens, and fome of

.the principal Inhabirants of*St. Sepulchres Parifh,
‘together. with fome of the Gentlemen of rhe Hand-

in-Hand Fire-Office, had a Meeting in Weft-
Smitnfield, in order to try a new Engine for ex-
tinguifhing Fire, made on purpofe for the faid
Parifh by Mr. Gray, Engine-Maker, at Mill-
Bank, Weftininfter ; the Pe: formance of which
was fo wonderfully great, by throwing out a vaft
Quantity of Water in a continual Stream, to fuch
a prodigious Heighth and Diftance, and with that

revt Force, as occafioned a general Approbation

_of all the SpeCtators ; and, in the Opinion of fe-

‘Its

veral very good Judges, is not to be equall’d in
Goodnefs with any other’ Engine of that Size,
and is worked only by four Perfons.

South-Sea Stock is 120 7 8ths. Bank 131 1
half. India 167, 1 4th. Afsiein 16 1 half.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

HE Powder which has met with fuch a general Appro-

bation from Multitudes’ of People, anfwering in all
Refpetts filly the Ule of Coffce, having had a very large
Demand, the Quantity then imperted not being fuihcient
to anfwer the great Call, fo that many Cuftomers could not
be fupplied, Care is taken that none for the future be
d:ifappointed, a large Pareel being gut arrived exceeding
fine, and right flavoured ; to be had at the firft Houfe on
the {efe Hand in Bell-Savage-Yard on Ludgate-Hill, made
up in quarter, half, or whole Pounds, at zs. 6d. per Pound.
Quality is extraordinary, and needs no Mixture, being
drank entire, and approved by the moft judicious: It adds
to the beft, and makes that which has loft its Flavour per-

feétly frefh. ;
. A Gentleman wants, viz. |
Houfe unfurnish’d, for a finall Family, with an Orchard-
Garden, about ro or 20 Miles of London, in Middlefex
or Surry; Prop-falsto be left for Mr. C. L. at Peele’s Cof-
fee-Houle in Flect-Street. .
. November 10, 1726.

FROPOSALS for printing by Subfcription fixteen Prints

of Shipping in CHIAKO OSCU <0, after the original
Paintings of that celebrated Mafter William Vandery.:id.
By E. KIRKALL. This Work will confit of Storms, Calms,
Gales, ‘Shipwrecks, $ca-Fights, Mcon-Lights, Sea-Ports, &c.
Collected {rom the Clofets of the Cuvious : Fach Plate will
bei 18 Inches by 12, fit for Frames and Gaffes,

The geod Suecefs the Author has met with in his former
Work of Hiftory, has encourag’d him to proceed, at the Re-
gueft o* many Gentlemen, Painters, and Lovers of Art.

The Subfcription 1s two Guineas, viz. one Guinea dowa,

- and half a Guinea more when cight of the Prints are deli-

ver’d,. which will be in February next ; the other half Gui-’
nea when the whoie is delivered, which will he by Midfim-:
mer next. There are feveral already done, and may bé feen

- at the Author's in Wine-Office Court, Fleet-Streer, and at

“a

the following Places, where Subfcriptions are taken in, viz.
Mr. King’s at the Globe in the Poultrey; Mr. Glafs’s un-

der the Koyal-Exchange ; Mr. Wildey'’s Toy-Shop the Cor-

ner of St. Paul's Church-Yard; Mr. Phil. Overton’s and. Mr.
Tho. Taylor's Print-Shons in Fleet-Strect ; Mr. Regnier’s
in Newport-Street the End of Long-Acre; Mr. Hulton’‘s
the Corner of Pall-Mall; Mr. Fletcher Bookfeller in Ox-
ford ; Mr. Ben. Cole Fingraver in Bear-Lane, Oxford; Mr.
‘Thurlbourne and Mr. Crownfield Bookfellers in Cambridge ,
Mr. Chaife Bookleller in Norwich.
To be LETT,

A Very.good Inn, <t Godftone in Surrey, on the Turn-
£% pike Road, known by the Sign of the White-Hart ;
with Brewhoufe, and other Conveniencies, and ros Acres
of Meadow and Arrable Ground, near adjoinin >» upon
Leafe of fix Years to come ; the Furniture of the Inn, and
Husbandry Tackling to be Sold : Inquire of Mr. Tho, Peto,
at Rygatc, Surrey, or of Mr. J.. Richardfon, at the Blue
Boar's Head at St. Margarct’s-Hill.

Ses or ftrayed, between Tuefday Noon and. Thurflay
_Morning, the 2:ft and 22d of September laft, out of Dr.
Wickham's Grounds at Stratford, near London, a ftrong
well made black Gelding, 3 large blaze down his Face, Wali-
cy’ Hlog-back’4, a whisk Tai}, about fourteen Hands and
a half high, ufed to draw: Whoever gives Notice whcre he
is, or brings him to Dr. Wickam, as above, fhall receive, if
it be ftray'd, two Guineas Reward, and, if ftolen five Gui-
neas, provided the Perfon that ftole it be {ecured.

{mall Infant, fn

W Hereas there was dropt in the Parith of St. Bartholo-
mew the Great, London,on the 3oth of O2tober laft, a.

‘ as d to be newly born ; and onthe r3th of
November laft, a Female Child, fitovnfed to be about nine
Months ol4, wrapp'd ina blue Staff Woman's Gown, and had
on a ftrip'd Stuff Coat of Red, Green and White: Any Per-
fon that can give Notice toa the Church-Warden of the faid
Parifh, who ‘ropt either of the fiid Children, fo that fuch
Perfon or Perfons be thereof convicted, thall be entitled to
the Rewar: of forty Shillings, to be paid by the faid Church-

arden.

WHEREAS it was fome Time ago advertifed in the
‘Y Printsin the Year 1724, that James Watlington, of a-
bout 22 Years of Age, 5 Foot 2 Inches high, ftooping in the
Shoulders, pale Complexion, a very hoarfe and flow Vo'ce,
then wearing a fair Wig, formerly Puge to the Rt. Hon.
the Countefs of Ranclagh, was gone off with s_ or 6001 of
the faid Countefs’s Money, and « Reward was offered for -ap-
prchending him, but the fid Watlington going beyond Sea,
was never yet apprchende>: Now the faid Countefs being
informed that he is latcly return’d to England, doth hereby
vromifé, that if any Perfon thall apprehend the faid Wat-
lington within fix Months after the Publication hereof, fo
that he may be brought to Juftice, fuch Perfon fhall receive
of Mr. Wm. Luken, Golidfmith, at the Black-Moor’s Head in
the Strand, sol.

This Day is, publifhed, and re dy to be deliver'’d to
the Subfcribers. ;
*{* Mr. Bingham’'s Antiquities ofthe Chrifti n Church, in
two Volumes in Felio. Printed for R Knaplock at the
Bifhon's Headin Sc. Paul's Church-Yard. N. B. Inthis Work

_ the antient Cuftoms, Ufuges, and Praétices of the Church ;

- a Cure in moft Cafes. To be had only of the

are in fiich 2 Manner reduced under proper Heads; that the
Reader may at once take a View, of any particular Ufage,
Cuftom, or Practice of the Primitive Chriftians. ote

_ Juft publith’d, the 2d Edition of

*{* A Differtation on the extrzme Folly, and Danger of
Infidelity ; offcr'd to the fober Reafon of Mankind. Being
occefion'd by alate viru'ent Book falfly entituled, A Dit-
courfe on the Grounds and -Reafons of the Chriftian Keligi-
on ; by: Thomas Curtei-, Reétor of Wrotham in Kent. Alfo
Advice to a Son at the Univerfity, by the fame Author.
Both printed for Richard Wilkin at the King’s Head in St.
Paul's Church Yard. : es

Noe, 9, 1725. Loft a large brown Gelding, about 15 or 36
AN Hands high, dim-fighted, a fhort bob ‘Tail, anda Star
in his Forehead, ftray'd or ftole out of 2 Field Ketween Bow
and Ol1-Ford : Whoever brings the faid Gelding to Tiiomas
Log living at Bow, fhall hive a Guinea Reward, and rea-
fonable Charges bore. ~~

GAMaret VOICE, in Whalebone-Court, at the lower
43 End of Bartholomew-Lane, Lothbury, near the Royal-Fx-
change, fetteth in ARTIFICIAL TEETH in the moft cx-
act Manner, which are fo fitted and fet in, that they may be

taken out an‘ put in again by the Perfons themfelves, and are

not to be difcern‘d from the Natural; they not only preferve

the Speech, but alfo: preferve the Teeth next to them tion

loofening or falling out ; but thofe who have Scumos to fer

them on, may, with the greateft Security, depend ton it

that they will aofwer the Ends o: natural ‘feech. ,
N. B. He fellsand mends Watches ot al! Sorts.

Lectuarium Mirabile: Or, the Admirable Eleéstuary,
which intallibly cures all Degrees and Symptoms o* the
fecret Difeafe, with more Eale, speed and Satery, than any
Medicine yet publithed; any old iKunning, &c. though af
feveral Years franding, whether occafioned By an-over-{train
Weuknefs of the Seminall, or the Relicts ofa former Infecti-
on, is certainly curd in a fhort Time, without a Minnte’s
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ufe of Aftringents; being a
Medicine fo wonderfully pleafant and eafy in its Operation
that the niccft Palate, or weakeft Conftitntion, may take it
with Delight: Two Pots are generally fufficient to complear
Author Dr. Cam,
a Graduate Phyfician, who has publifhed it 20 Years, and is
conftantly to be advis'd with at his Houfé at the Golden-Bal]
and Lamp, in Bow-Church-Yard in Cheapfide, at half a Guinea
the Pot. .

Againtthe VENEREAL DISEASE.
HE famous Italian BOLUS, has fogreat Suecefs in
the Cure of the Venereal Difeafe, that not one of the
great Numbers that daily take it mif$ot a perte-hCnre 3; and

. though fo very cheap as 2s. 6d. each, yet four Boluffes never

fail to root out and carry off the moit malignant, virulent,
and obftinate kind of' the venereal Difeafe, without Confine-
ment, or making your Cafe known to any ; which, if ic {2i!s
to do, the Money is returned. This great Medicine likewife
deftroys Mercury, and carries it out of the Body, and thereby
relieves thoft unfortunate Perfons who have ftailen into bad
Hands in former Cures. Ts to bé had ony at the Flaming

Fonte, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Place is Coune
terieit.

THE Gentlemen appointed to obtain a better Sernrity
for the ANNUITANTS of the YORK BUILDINGS
COMPANY, do hereby give Notice, that the f:id Company
have {in Juftice to their Annuitgnts) executed a Deed un-
der their €
Eftates with the Payment of the {veral Annuities granted
to all fuch Perfons who fhall become Patties thereto. ‘here-
fore ALL SUCH ANNUITANTS as ate willing to hve
the Benefit. of the faid, Deed, are defired forrhwith to come
and execute the fame at Mr. George
Staple’s-Inn in Holborn.

Sword the corner of Ruffel-Screet, over againft Will's Coffee.

ommon Seal, whersby they have charg'd their real

om. »

Greene's Chambers in

alfo to his prefene Majefty.

- ‘Confiderable Society of honcft Derbyihire Gentlemen

and Tradefmen, defire their loving Countrymen to meet
them at the White Bear, at the Corner of Birbican, over-
againft Long-Lane En‘,. on Tuefilay the qth Day of January
next, at Five in the Evening. oe ee

B. This Society is above taking Notice of a trifling,
Advertifement from the Woolpack in St. Paul's Alley, of.
2 Box Club ; this Society being encourag’d by Perfons of . Di-
ftinétion, &c. ;

A Gun feven Foot long within an Inch, to be difpofed of;
‘\ fit for all Marks at a Diftance. Enquire at Mr. Pan-
nick's over-againft the French Sc.19o1 in Lilington.

A Large well built Houfe, feveral Rcoms wainfcottel, and
£\ Barns, Stables, Granary and Orehnaids, with fix Clofes ad-
joining in Grafs, and more Land lying near, if required. It
is a Compleat Eftate fora Gentleman, and js within,4 or 5
Miles of C.ckingham, and 2 Miles of Reading. Toinquire
of Mr. Richard Phelp, who lives inrit ; or of Mr. John Pid-
poon, Brafier in Reading 3 or of Mr. Jofeph Phelp, in

ampton-Wick, near Hampton-Court, [ronmonger.

This Day is publifhed, dedicated to Dr. Halley, itlufttated
with 95 Figurcsengrav’don Copper,

{*{ Surveying improv’d, or the \"role Art, both iu Then»
ry and Practice, fully demonftratcd. In tour Purts. I. A-
rithmetick, Vulgar and Decimal. II. All Definitions, JT heo-
rems, and Probiems; with plain Trigonométry, and what-
foever elfe is neccflary to the Theory of Surveying. ILf. The
Defcription and Ufe_of Inftruments proper to be ufed in
practical Surveying. IV. How to meafure, caft up, plot or
divide any Parcel of Land; to take inacceffible Heights and
Diftances ; with Surveying Countics, Roads, Rivers, &c. Als
fo to reduce a Plan to q Profoett; and to corre‘t any Sur-
vey by aftronomical Caiculation ; with Dire:tions for ma-.
king tranfparent Colours for Mars. To which is added, An
Appendix concerning Levelling, and conveying Water to
any poffible Place affign’d. By Henry Wilfon, Printed for
J. Bately, at the Dove in Patcr-Nofter-Rovw,

At the Defire of feveral of the Subfcribers, there is now
* ® Dizionari realy to he jiclivered, Dia

«* Dizionario Italiano ed Ing’efe: ictionary [tali:
an Englifh, containing all the Words of the Vorabulary
della Crifea, and feveral Hundred moré, taken froin the mo
a proved Authors ; with Proverbs and familiar Phrafes. By
F. Altieri, Profeflor of the Italian Tongue in.London, Vol. L,
This Volume contains the {talian befare the Engli:>, and
the fecond Volume will coniain the Englim befere the I-
talian, which is very forwardin the Prefs, and will Oon be
publifhed ; to which will be alled, the Names of the Sub-
{cribers, as Encouragers of this Work. ‘The fedond Pay-
ment being half a Guincet, mut be made on Dzelivery of the
firft Volumc, and printe.! Reccipts. will be given to deliver.
the fecond Volume Gratis, as foon as finifhed. N.B. Tho
Gentlemen that have not yet fubferibe], anJ are defirous of
having chis firft Volume, may, a Payment oF the whole, e--
Ing one Guinea anda half, of William and John I: }
the Welt End of St. Pauls. John Tanys, at

_  ‘Fhis Day is publith’d,

x*« The Hiftory of the Latcral Operation; or, an Ac
count of tue Metha! of extracting a Stnae, by making a
Wound near the great Protuberance of the Os Ifchium
thro’ the common Integuments and Levator Ani into the
Side of the Bladder, without touching the Urethra. Pro.
ftrate Gland, Veficule_ Seminales, or any other of the U-
rinary ‘or Seninary Veflels: Firft attemnted by Fuere
Jacques in France, ani afterwards fuccefitully performed by
Proteflor Ran in Holland With a Poftferint concerhing
the Introduction and Improvement. of this Mcthod here in -
London. By James Dorg'afs, M. D.

A comparative Defcripiion of all the Mufeles in a Man,
an{ ina Quairuped fhewing their Difcoverer, Origin Pro-
grets, Infertion, Wie, aud Difference. To which is addelan
Account of the Mufcles pecutiar toa Woman. With an F-
tymological Table. and feveral ufetit Indéxes, by the fine
Author. Both printed for G. Strahan, at th: Golien Ball o-
ver-againft the Royal-Exchange in Cornhill, .

T: Thomas Xawlinfon's near Whites
A, chappel-Bars, and st Ailen Cow-.
rers, at the Sign of the. Tallow-
Chanler againft *Vhitechanpel Church,
Is fuld the belt Taow-Canties, aot
interior to any, at five Shillings, and
two Pence per Dozen. :
N. B. For ready Money, and fine

mould Caindics may be had at the {2me
Piaces. .

an

e
i

TOTES

This Day is publith’d,
tt Royal Cookery 5, Or, Tre Compleat Court-Cuok. Con-
tuining the choiceft Receipts in all the feveral Brances of
Cookery, viz, for making of Sonps, Bifjucs, Qlio’s, Terrines,
Surtouts, Puptons, Ragons, Forc'd-Meats, Sauces, Patties,
Pies, Tarts, 'Tanfies, Cakes, Puddings, Jellies, &e. As li
ouily engraven on Copper, o

wife forty Plates, curi
magnificent Entertain: nents at Coronations and Tnftalwie
of Balls, Weddings, &c. at Court; as likewifeof Ci
To which are adted, Bills of Fare for every Monthine
Year, By PATRICK LAMB, Efq; near det Y
fter-Cook to their late Majefties King Charles Ir. King Jamies
If. King William and Qucen Mary, and Queen Anne ‘tee
third Edition, with confiderable Additions, by a Gektfelman.>>
who was Cook to the ahovenamed Kings and Quer ‘2

f Sold hy D. Browne, Rurbicn
in Flect-Street, ani T. Cox, nag

Temple-Bar ; J. Ifted
Royal-Lachange.
 .
+i

ae a

Ju publithed, curionfy printed, the sd Editiongof
tit ATHALIAH, a TRAGEDY,, tranilatad from the
‘French cf Monficur RACiNE. By Mr. William Dun-
‘combe. N.B. Tis Tragedy was pertarmed favtral Times,
With great Applaufe, befoye the French Court, iminediate-

ly after the Marriage of the prefént Kingand Queen. Prin-

ted for J..Watts at the Printing-Office in Wild-Court, near .

“Lincoln s-Inn-Fiel’s 3; and fold by W. Lewis in Covent-
Garden, W. Mears and A. Dodd without Temple-Bar, J.
Pemberton in Flect-Sereet, J.-Roberts in Warwick-Lane,
aid J. Brotherton in Coruhil!, Pricers. 6d,

_ This Day is publifhei, for November, being the rth,

ijt New Me.noirs of Literature, containing an Account
of new Books printcd both at home and abroad; with Dif-
firtations upon feveral Subjects, mifcellan:ous © bfervati-
ons, &c. Tobe continue! Monthly, By the Author of the
former Memoirs. Pric: 3s. each. Printed for William and
Join Innys, at the Weft End of St. Paul's,

_ | Where may be had, -

The philofophical Works of thel{onourableRob. Boyle, Efe;
nbridg’d, methodiz'd and difpos’d under the general Heads of
Phyficks, Staticks, Pacumaticks, natural Hiftory, Chymiftry
and Medicine. . The Whole ilufrated with Notes, contain-
ing the Improvements made in fevera] Parts of natural and
experimen al Knowledge fince his ‘Time. By Pcter Shaw,
M. D. in three Volumes, with Cuts, 4to.

The few remaining Copies of

{l{ Bifhop Smalricge’s fixty Sermons preached on feveral
Ocrafions, are now to be fold by William and John Innys, atc
the Weft End of St. Paul's, a

r, A moral Proof of the Certainty of a future State, vo.
"3. The Principles of Deifm truly reprefented, and fet in
a clear Light; in two Dialogues betwixt a Sccptiek aud
2 Deift, The fi:ft concerning tie Chriftian Revelation,
the f.cond concerning natural Religion. The 3d Elition,
Svo.” .
- 3, Bifhop Gaftrell's Chriftian Inftitutes, or the fincere
Wordof God, The 4th Edition, raves. :

4. Sermons at Boyle's Lectures, on the Certainty
and Necuffity of Religion in general, The zd’ E tition,
. 3. The Bifho> of Cnefter’s Cafe, with Relation to the
Wardenship ot Manchefter.

This Day is publifhe’, ;

4%; Arabidn Nights Entertainment compleat, in twelve
Parts; containing a better Account of the Cuftoms, Man-
ners, 2nd Religion of the Eaftern Nations, Tartars, Perfi-

ans and
hitherto publithe. Tranflated into French from the Ara-

bian MSS. By Mr. Galland, of the Re ;
now done into Englith. The 4th Edition. Printed tor J.
Osborn and“T. Longman, at the Ship in Pater-Noftcr-Row.
Where may be had,
Perfian Tales, tranflated from the French. By Mr, Pbil-
lips, in 3 Vols. 12vcs.
- Devil updn two Sticks, r2ves.

Indian Tules, s2ves.
Don Quixot. By Mr. Mottenx, in 4 Vols. raves,

Lately publithed, :
** Two genuine additional Volumes to the Hiftory of

the Grand Rebellion. ‘Both written by the Earl of CLA-
RENDON ; with his Lorcthip’s Life, Conduct, Character

. and Effigies prefix’d. “vi
on Te drains the Hiftory of the Rebellion ant Civil

‘

Shop for it, have tramp‘d up Counterfeits,

Vol. F. Co :
Wars in Ireland. Collated and compared with twe MSS.

in the nrefent Areabithop of Dublin's Library ; and prov’d
to be the fame which Dr. Borel fe made uf: of (without Ac-
knowle:igment) in his Hiftory of the execrable Irifh Reb ‘1-
lion. -Vide Dr. Nelfon's Preface to the 2d Vol. of his Col-
Jextions, and Page so. |

ol. II. Confilts of an Appendix of fume other valuahic
Pieces, written likewife by the Earl of CLARENDON,
which may properly be fubtoin’d to his Lordfhip’s former
Volumes, as illuftrating feveral Paffages therein. Price $s.
each Volume, which may be had togeth:r or fingle, for
Gentlemen to compleat their Setts, of J. Wilford in Little-

Britain.

+E incomparabje Powder for cleaning the Teeth, which
T has given i great Satisfiétion to moft of the Nobility and
Gentry in England, tor above thefe 2c Years, notwithftanding

thé many Coun rit
nite the on‘y trae original Poder. Sold only atc

td imitate this
Mn Palmer's Fanthop, in St. Michael's Chureh-Porch, Corn-

hill, at Mr..Markham’'s Toythop at the 7 Stars under St. Dun-
ftan’s Church, Fleet-Strect, and no where elfein England. It
at once ufing makes the Teeth as white as Ivory, tho never fo
black or yellow, and. effectually preferves them from rotting
or decaying, continuing them found to excecding oldAge. It
wonderfully cures the Scurvy in the Gums, prevents Rheuin or
Deflustion, kills Worms at the ? cot of the Teeth, and there-
by hinders che Tooth-ach. It adwirably faftens loofe Tceth,
Hite a neat cleanly Medicine, of'ap!cafant and grateful Scent
Price 1 s.‘the Box: Note, ail the Nobility, Gentry, &c. who fend
to Mr. Markham's for the Powder for the Teeth, are defired to
give ftri-r Orders not to miftake the Shop, (MARKHAM
at length is under the Seven Stars) becaufe moft of the Toy-

n his Ne‘ghbourhood, feeing Multitudes go to_ his
Shep forit, have t { ; and fell their Scuff

owder, in prejudice

p ps
in Imiratien of ovr known and approved
: ne fold the highly

tothe Publick. N B At the fame Places are

~ "efteemed ‘Lip-Salve for Ladies, &e. of a charming ‘and delight-

dul Scent. Price 1s. each’Box.

Fy} The Fanier's new Guide ; containing firft,” the Ana-
‘tomy of a Flore, bzing an cxact and compendious Deferip-

LeS, with thetr Signs, Cautles, and Method of Cure; wherein

Indians, than is to he met with in any Author -
Royal Academy, and

tertiits {ince its firft Publication, endeavouring -

—_

Jut publimed, .

tion of all his Parts; with their Adtions ant Ufts: Ulu-
ftrated with Figures cnrioufly engrav'd on Copver-Plates,
An Account of all the Diftafes incident to Hor-

many Defects :in the Farricr’s Practice are now carefully

fuppis ‘d, their Hrrors expos'd and amended, and the Art

greatly improv‘d and advane'd, according to the lateft Dif-

coveries. ‘Che Whole interfpérs’d with many curious and —
ufeful Obfervations concerning Feeding and Exercife, &c.
The ath Edition correéted. By W. GIBSON. Printed for
- Osborn and 'T. Loigman, at the Ship and Black-Swan in

ater-Nofter-Row.
Where may be had,

The Farriecr's Difoenfatory, m three Parts.
New Method of dicting Horf-s. Both by the fame Author.

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Ju-
lep, which is known by many Years Experience to be a ne-
ver failing Medicine in old obftinate Afthma’s, whofe fuffo-
cating Fit it puts off in a Moment; it gives a pertect Relief
In ftraining laborious Coughs, that are wnmercifully trouble-
fome Night and Morning ; ’tisa moft excellent Remedy for
Shortnefs of Breath upon any Motion, and in Breathing. with
Difhculty, Straightnefs of the Breaft, with Hoarfenefs and
Wheezing, Nothing exceeds this admirable Julep, fur by open-
ing the Brouchial Ducts and- Ptuumonick Paffages; it pene-
trztes in the inmoft Receffes of the Lungs, and there meeting
wi h tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Phlegm, fo attcnnatcs,
div ides, moves and works it, that by coughing andfpitting, it
expectorates and throws up all fuch Matter with the greateft
Kafe and Pleafiiwe, thercby cleanfing and freeing the Breat
and Lungs, when {tuffed up and clogged with a heavy Load, and

.fo prevents Conliimptions, Ulcers of the Lungs, &c. Note,

It isa fafe and pleafant Medicine ; to be takea by Spoonfils,
according to the printed Direétions, without the leaft Confine-
ment, or Danger of catching Cold. To be had at Mr. George
Strahan’s at the Golden-Ball over-againft the R oyal-Exchange,
Cornhill, and at no other Place. Price 2s. 6d.

Thefe are to inform the Fema'c Sex,

Tt the gentlewoman at the golden ball on puddle dock
& hill, near the weft end of St. panl's church, hath attain'd
to a very certain, fafe, and expeditions way of curing the
many weakneffes and indifpofitions peculiar to thofe of her
own fex; fuch as barrennefS and -mifcarriage in married
women 3 the green ficknefs in maids, and many other grie-
vous Iineffes that married women, widows and maids are
fubject to, too tedious here to relate. ;

On a little difcourfe with the patients, fhe judges of their .
cafes and caufes of illneffes, whether it be barrennef$, which
hath many known curable canfts ; the diftiné: knowledge of
which. fhe is miftrefS 5 feveral of which caufes are little re-
garded, pr. not known to the patients, therefore thought in-
curable ; of whether mifcarriage, tho’ they have mifcarred
many times, both which the cures, through the bleffing of
God, by a very extraordinary method of exceeding fafe and
ple.fint Medicines, which cn many Years Experience have

en found abfolutely effectual for a perfeét Cure on great
Numbers of Ladies and Gentlewomen of the beft Note in
the Kingdom, in all thc above-mentioned Indifpofitions pe-
culiarto the Sex. Sheisto be advifed with at hek Houle
abovementioned, any Day.of the. Week. She aifo anfwers
Cafes ftated in J.etters fent.from the @ountry, Poft paid.

“T the Dove and Golden Ball in Salisbury-
Court, Flect-ftreet, liveth a Gentlewoman
that prepares the moft excellent Cofmetick or
Beautifiers yet known, as that moft noble Pre-
paration of Pearl, witha particular beautity-
ing Fhuid, both which ufed by Ladies of the
firit Quality; they, with Surprize, take away
ww Sea Kednefs, Pimp'es, Roughnefs, Worms, Mor-
phew Scurf, Sun-burn, Freckles, Wrinkles, Pits of the
mall-Pox, with other Defilements of: the Skin. Likewife
the prepares a fine Italian Cream fgr the Face, Neck, and
Hands, which plumps and fmooths the Skin to Admiration ;
the Nuns White-Pots, and Tower-Street Pots, with an Eaft-
India Chinefe Red Liquor, none having the Secret but her-
felf: If gives a moft natural and lafting Bluth, that no Perfon-
can diftinguifh when on the Face, an t
Alfo to he had, the red Crown Cakes, White-Pafte, or Cakes
for the Face, or Hands, and all other Cofmeticks formerly fold
here hy Mrs. Hockle. N. B. She has a chymical Liquor which
alters red or grey Hair toa light or dark Brown.
A New Edition of
SHORT WAY AT ONCE with the Cure of the.
SECRET DISEASE, and A GLEET, much Eafier,
*& Safer, Privateer, and a deal fooncr, by Dr. Cock-
burn’s Chymical Lotion, without any thing taken In at the
Mouth, than by Courfés of Phyfick. Alfo the GOUT, and:
Dentition in Children. This highly nfeful Book is Given
Gratis Up One Pair of Stairs at the Sign of the Celebrated

Recommended by: Dr. len for Chitdren’s Teeth with-
ont Temple-Bar. At Mr. Jer. Pain's, the Fir Toythop in:
Pope's Head-Alley from Corphill,: At Mr. .Greg’s Bookfel-
ler at Charing-Crofs. . And by RK. Bradthaw by Soho-Square.

has. loft his lefs Hand in the Service.

more, which you'll {ee at large in the print

not to be rubb'd off | Ctes the ney without the leaft Grain o
e

| y Hereas Martin Ji ohn‘on has been abgent from ‘his Fa-

mily thefe five Years paft, he isa Swede born, and.
$ : This is to give No-
tice, thatif any. Perfon can give an Account of him, whe-

‘ther he be living, and where, or if dead, where buried, and

bring a Certificute from the Parifh to his Daughter A fee
near Ratcliff Higi:-

Guttridge, living in Penitent-Streer,
way Watch-honfe, or to Mr. Breeze’s at the King‘and Queen’s
Head in Penitcnt-Street aforefaid, fhall have tour Ghineas

Reward.

“INCTURA NERVOSA CARDIACA, ‘or the Cord’a?

Pincture tor the Nerves, being an approved, experjenc::7

aud never-tailing Mecdicament in finking, languifhing, arc
lownefs of Spirits, Palpitation, or Trembling of the Heart. ip -
ail paralitick, foporote and convulfive Diftemn ers, and inal!
Afhictions of the Head and Nerves it infallibly prevents the
bad Etfects of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which occafions
in moft People the above-mentioned Diforders (with inany
1 d Book of Direch-
ons) but yer by taking a few Drops of this moft pleatant deii.
cate Cordial, in the frit Dith of Coffce or Tea, you may then
drink at Liberty ; for this great Medicine penetrates through ~
the whole nervous Syftem, and fo recriits the Brain and Pree.
cordia with a full Influx of exulting Spirits, which perfunn the
Bufinefs of vital Function with treth Alacrity, and new Brisk. .
nefs ; fo that the Pulfe, whioh lay fecble and wavering, now |
falls a beating vigorouly, and with great Exaéctnefs ; more- |
over, it wonderfuily difperies Fear, Sadnef&, confinfed Thonghrs, .
Twitchings of the Legs and Arms, difturbed Sleep, and ali the’
difmal Train of Vapours and Melancholy. It likewife ftops
Vonriting, puts off Naufeoufhefs, ‘procuresa good Appctice
and is now in great Efteem amongit Quality of the fi ank.
Sold only at G. Strahan’s, Bookfeller, at the Golden Ballin.
Cornhill, over-againft the Royal-Exchange, and at no other.
Place. Price 2s. 6d.

WRIGHT’s Diuretick, or cleanfing Tinéture. |” .
‘Hich urinally difcharges all the feces or putrid relicks of
the Lues Alamode, or Venereal J fection, and caufes:.
its Concomitants, the wretched Train of that complicated’
Diftemper, asa mucous, filthy, fanious Matter lodg’din the
Reins, or ipermatick Parts, which either caufe a fharpnefsin
the Urine, or too trequently provokesit, This Relick-is.
difcoverable, arly by the fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a’
Debility or Weaknefs of the Back, a ftetid naufeons, and
averting Smell of the Urine, with a purulent Matter, or
feculent Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or flying in it, with
Variety of Figures, Farther, this Tincture efpecially carries
off all Relicks of the Venereal Diftafe, after ill managéd’
Cures, not only cleanfing the Urinary Paflages of ail Sand
Gravel, Films, or membraneous Pellicles, &c. but after 2
fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftorin them; aid -
all their genital Parts, to heir original Tene and fe, though

the Misfortune and Decay be of the longeft Daté, with an
qual Succef$ in each Sex. To be had fortes. er ottle with
Jirestions for its Use; only athis Houfe, the Golden Head
and two Lamps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill, |
NNE, Daughter of Samuel Ladd. };-
a ving at the Ship and Crofs Daggers ue
Se” Doctors Commons, Porter, being abont
14 Years of Age, was blind of one Eye,
and her other Eye being very near blind, oceéafioned by a
great Cold, infomuch fhe had not Light to Zuide hérielf
and being advifed toa very eminent Occulift, who after 2
confiderable Time he had her uncer his Hands, we found
fhe grew worle, to our great Surjrize, fo that we had her
to_diverfe other Practitioners of Eyes for Advice, and was
informed by fome of them fhe could not be cured, which.
caused us to defpair, and we thonght fhe would not be
brought to Sight again ; but hearing of the many and won-
derful Cures of the Kyss performed by Mrs. Cater, who ftill
lives at the Hand and Eye in Caftle-Court Birchin-Lane,
near Cornhill, did apply to her, . who, at firft Sight of her’.
told us her Eyes were curable, ta our no fmall Joy and Com?
fort, and alfo did perform the Cure in a fhort time, to our’
great Satisfaction ; and this I doin Juftice to the faid Mrs.
ter, that thofé Perfons who arc under the fame AMi@i.-
on may know where to apply for Cure, given under my"
Hand the rath of Ogtober, 31725. . Samuel Ladd: ©
Note, She cures without any Inftrument 3 and the infallibly-
1 Cortex, or thar’
they call the Jefuits Bark. Price ss. the Vial. No. .
received except Poft paid. , No Letters
T the HUNGARY WATER WARE:
A HOUSE, at the Black Boy ony GRE: '
a Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage-
Inn on Ludgate-Hi!l, is fold right French:
Hungary Water, being the fame Sort fold
feveral Years patt, and is eafily diftinguithed:
aA TASS {| trom the pernicious counterteit Sort fold a-:
eh bout the Town, prevented to be imported
Montpelier, &c, Likewife the following forej .
modities are fold at the fame Place, viz. B reign. Gom
P Right French Hungary Water, at 1s. 3d. the HalfPint
ottle.
Fine Florence Oil, at 2s. per Flask.
Right Irifh Ufquebaugh, at 2s. the Halt-pint Rottle.
Fine Orange-Flower Water, at 1s 6d. per Flask.
"Right Barbadoes Citron Water, at 14s. per Quart..-
Right French Claret at 39 s, per Dozen. .
Ali Sorts of Leghorn and Bermuda Hatts for Ladies.
N. B. There is a Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Flask, to

prevent Counterfeits.

LONDON. Printedby AW. 4f/5.1,. in: Great-ter-Laue,
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 4 Dec. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786229/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 