MIST’s WEEKLY JOURNAL, Somer

SATURDAY, MaAy 8, 1725.

ina prey Hermit Habit, (formerly with a Ruffes Robe with long
Sleeves, having a Houd rhereto like that of a Hermit, and not
tell after they were bath’d, a Hood, a Linnen Coif, and a pair of
Boots, and in that Drefs.went devoutly to divine Service, to begin
their Warfare there, as pritcipally intended for the Honour and
Service of God. That Night they fupp’d together, and were each
of chem attended by two Kfquires, (call’d Governors) and a-Page ;
ufter Supper they withdrew to their Bed-Chamber, where was
prepared for each of them.a little Bed with red Curtains, and the
Arms of their Families upon them (which Bed was formerly plain
and without Curtains, and only ufed to lye and dry themfelves in
after their Bathing, and to repofe themfelves in after they had per-
formed their Vigils, Watching, and religious Duties of that Night)
and each had a bathing Velfel clofe by the Bed, covered with a
Linnen Cloth, (that was formerly prepared by the Barber, who al-
fo trimm'd them, and had the Bath and what belong’d to it for his
Fee) in which Veffel, after having commended themfelves to God,
they wath’d, and bath’d, to put “em in mind that chey ought to kecp
their Bodies and Minds undefile’d. Early next Mornining (for the
ancient Watchings and religious Ceremonies perform’? in the
Night-Time, were left off) they were awaken’d with Mufick, and
drefs'd themfelves inthe fame Habit. Then the Earl Marthal and
like Ceremonies ; but it is to be known, that anciently Knights injothers appointed by the King, went to ’em, and call’d them out
general received their Inftitution with religtous Ceremonies, as in order, and gave ‘em an Oath to fear Ged, and defend his
Watching, Fafting, Bathing, confecrating the Sword, receiving the| Church, to honour the King, and maintain his Prerogative, and
Sacrament, and the like; and they were girt with the Belt and|to prote& Widows, Virgins, Orphans, and all others, (as far as
Sword (not dubb’d, as fince) and kifs’d by the King. But fome of{ they were able) from Injury an Oppreflion : After they had ta-
thefe Ceremonies having been lon; laid afide with us, were again] ken this Oath, they were conduBed to Morning Prayer by the
brought into Ufe, and made peculiar to this Degree of Knights of} King’s Mufick, with the Heralds before “em, and from thence to
the Bath, who, thence-forward, took that Name from the bathing | their Chamber again, where they put off their Hermie Habic, and
of themfelves before, 4s preparatory to their Knighthood ; by|drefs'd themfelves in a Mantle of red Taffata (the Emblem of
which Ceremony of Bathing tn Knighthood, the Knights were] Blood and War) and a white Hat adorn'd jwith a Plume of whire
given to underftand, that in all their future Life they ought co be} Feathers over their Linnen Coif, with a pair of white Gloves
neat and clean, as well of Body as Soul, honeft in rheir Manners, hanging at the pendant Cordon of their Mantle; (formerly he was
and Behaviour of Life, wholly difpofed to embrace Virtue, and to| here only girded with a Girdle of white Ltather, without Buckles,
ufe, in all their A@ions, Induftry, Providence and Wifdom.

This is not properly a diftin& Order of Knighthood, tho’ fome,
at firft View, may imagine it (whatever it may be heresfrer altered
and ere&ted into,) for they have neither Laws or Statutes affigned
them ; nor were they, heretofore, to wear their Robes but at the
Time or Solemnity of their Creation, (except the red Ribbon,
which they have been, of Jatc, allowed to wear crofs their left
Shoulder,) and upon any Vacancy the fame is not fupplied.

A French Auther calls ’em Knights of the Crown, becaufe (fays
he) to diftinguith "em from Efquires, they wear upon their left
Shoulders an Efcutcheon of black Silk, with three Crowns of
Gold embroider’d thereon ; bur that (fays a learned Antiquary) is
a Miftake, for ic is not found that fueh, or, indeed, any other
Badge was at any Time (after that manner) ufed by them, except
only a Silk Lace ; tho’ the Diftinftion worn of late Years to be
known by, has been a Medal of Gold, containing three Crowns e-
yeéted on three Branches of a Tree united in one, with this Mot-
te, TRIA JUNCTA IN UNA, and hanging down under the left
Arm, froma Carnation Ribbon worn crofs the Body.

INCE iris the common Difcourfe at prefent, that
the ancient Inftimtion of Knights of the Bath is
fhomly to be revived, weconceive it will be no dif-
apreeable Subject, ro fearch into the Original of rhar
Order, and to give its Hiftory by collecting all that
Saeed we can find recorded of it in the Books of Heralds
and other Writers.

The Knights of the Bath were firft introduced by King Heury IV.
A. D. 1399, to attend the Ceremonies of his Coronation ; when in
the Tower he knighted 46 Efguires, who had watched the Night be-
fore, and bathed rhem{clves, and gave each of them a green Coat
reaching down to the Ancles, and furr’d with Minivere, having on
the left Shoulder two white filk Twifts, hanging loofe, with Tof-
fels ; fince which Time they have been frequently made at the Co-
ronations or Nuptials of the Kings of England, Creations of the
Princes of Wales, or like great and folemn Occaftons.

They are, in Reality, no other than Knights Batchelors, that is
to fay, fich as are created with thofe Ceremonies wherewith
Knights Batchelors were, in former Times, ufually created here,
and in many other Parts of Chriffendom. Some have, indeed, thought
‘em a diftin@ Order inthe Days of the Saxons, and not introduced
by King Hey IV. becaufe Knights in thofe Days were made with

Tartarian, ty'd With a Lace of white Silk, and a pair of white
Gloves hanging at the Silk Lace, all which was the Chandlers Fee.)
Then they took Horfe, and their Horfes were acconter’d with
black Saddles and Trappings, fpeck’d with white (bur-formerly
not fpeck’d) with a Crofs in their Forehead. Each had his Page
on Horfeback, carrying before him a Sword with a gile Hilt, at
which hung their pit Spurs, and alfo the two Efguires, or Gover-
nors riding on each Side of em; (formerly the Scabbard and Belt
was of white Leather without Buckles.) In this Manner, with
Trumpets founding before “em, they march to Court, where they
were conduéted, by two Senior Knights, into the King’s Prefence.
Then the Belt and Sword hanging to it, were delivered to the
Lord Chamberlain, who deliver'd the fame to the King, who put
ic on overthwart the E:night, and ordered two fenior Knights td
put on the Spurs. :

After the Creation they ufed heretofore to ferve up the Difhes
atthe King’s Table. Then they din'd together, fitting all on one Side;
each under an Efcutcheon of his own Arms. At Evening Prayer
"Their Number has been always uncertain, H. IV. at his Corona-{ they repair to the Chappel, and offer their Swards upon the Al«
tion, made 36 ; K. Charles the Tft. at his Coronation, 59; and K.| rar, (and fincerely were there {worn to preferve the Rights of the
Charles the 1ld. on like Occafion, 68, and they were often Sons of} Church till their Deaths,) and then lay down Money to redeem
Noblemen, with others of inferior Degree. They take Place be-} them. | ns om. x
the King’s Head Cook ftood with his Refiggir

fore Knights Batchelors, but are to go after Baronezs, and Knights} _ As they return, (
- Bannerets, Hand, and told ‘em hecame for their Spurs for his

The Ceremony of their Creation, as well as their Habits then] nifhing ‘em alfo to thew themfelves faithful and worthy
worn, have been ‘feveral Times varied according co the Pleafure otherwife he would hack their Spurs from their Heels, pigtt
of thar Prince who conferr'd the Honour. There were formerly | grace and Infamy. The next Day, viz. the Coronation-\Ryy
many Ceremonies, which have been fince in a great meafure di- attended the King in their proper Station, with Sword <i

‘ith a Knot of white Silk, Wg

fufed; in the laft Century, thofe who were appointed for this De-| on, attired: ina blue Manrle, w
gee of Knighthood, were, the Day before their Creation, cloath’d. of 3 Crofs, and a Hagd upon the Jefe Shoulder, with a Kngig 9

having a Coif on his Head, a Mantle of Silk over a Kirrle of red -

pa)

 . to forbid all their Members from bein

2

Lace of. white Silk, they were formerly toweat, till they had gain’d Tavernin Chatham. He had been confined fome Time at-Rochefter.

fome Honour and Renown, for fome Feats of Arms, or fome Prince
or Lady of Quality cut thar Lace from his Shoulder.
- “FOREIGN AEFAIRS.

Our foreign Advices from {everal Parts prepare us for the fudden
breaking up of the Congrefs of Cambray; for they affure us, that
feveral of the Powers who fent Plenipotentiaries to that Place,
have done their Bufincfs by a private Negotiation, and ina Manner
very Cifferent from the Plan proputed by that Treaty. This

© Portfmouth, May 6. The Author of the Portfmouth Article in the
© Britife Yournal of Saturday lalt, after a Relpire of near three Months,
‘informs his Readers, that fome few Days befere, there was fix Hog-
‘ fheads of Wine, in two Wherries, fiez’d and brough: to the Cuftom-
‘Houfe here, and meanly infinuates, that though it fhould be the
*quondam Crab-Catchers, this Seizure cannot be controverted. He-
‘ likewife fays, fome Time before that, another indi{putable Seizure
‘was made of eleven Casks of Tobacco, &e. The fix Hogtheads u-

Piece of News gives the greater Surprize, becaufe the Minifters of} bove-mentioned, I am well inform’d, did not belong to the Gentle~

thofe Powers, excluded had nor the Jeaft Intimation or Sufpicion o
it till it was finifh’d. We are told, that in Confequence of this
Treaty, there will be a double Match betwixt Spain and Portugal ;
and that the Sueceflion of the Dukedoms of Tufcany and Parma is
fecured to Don Carlos Prince of Spain, with a long Addition of Do-
minions thereto. It is ulfo faid, thae the Emperor has

rocuréd an advantagcous Article in Favour of the Spaniards who
adher'd to his Intereft in the lace War, when that Monarchy was in
Difpute, and that they are all to be reftered to their Honours and
Effates; which Step gains that Prince a great Deal of Honour.
There are many other Things reported to be fettled by this Treaty,
but we shall defer the Publication of them till we havé better Au-
thoritiesssss= In the mean Time the Emperor, in his Letter to the
Czarina, recommends to her, as fhe would have the Amity fubfift
betwixt them, not ro meddle with the Affair of Thorn.

Advices from feveral Parts of Ireland and Great Britain, viz.

From Dublin, Brigadier Munden arrived there from England.—
—John Comer Try’d and found Guilty of the Robbery and Murther
of Councellor Hore., He isto be executed this day on St Stevens Green.

From Edinburgh, That one Richard Ejlis, a Soldier in Major
Hart’s Company, in Col. Kirk’s Regiment, on Saturday laft was
fentence’d to receive three Lathes from each Man of the Regiment,
and drumm’d out, as umworthy of the King’s Service, for offering
to difpofe of the Body of his Wife to the Surgeons, to be ana-
tomiz’d, which he would shave contra&ed to have delivered, ei-
ther Dead or Alive; and the Sentence was executed accordingly.-—-
Some Tumults and Difturbances have-arifen in that City, relating
to the taking of dead Bodies out of the Graves to diffe& ; info-
much that che Magiftracy have publifhed an Order for a Reward
of zol. Sterling, for the Difcovery of any fuch Pra&tice ; and, on
the other Hand, the Corporation of Surgeons have publifh’d an A&
concerned in any fuch
Work, and further Promifes a Reward of 51. to any who shall dif-
cover the Perfon or Perfons acceffary to the raifing, or attempting
to ruife the Dead from their Graves. Three of the Rioters
have been whipp’d thro’ the City by the common Hangman, with-
out any Difturbance. The Earl of Loudon, High Commiffioner,
is arrived at Edinburgh from London.

From Tork, Laft Sunday 7-night, juft as divine Service was done,
and the People going out of one of the Churches of that City, a
great Quantity of Stone and Rubbith fell down from the Steeple,
thro’ the Roof, into the Body of the Church ; but, as it happen’d,
did no other Damage than breaking down fome of the Pews.
Three young Ladies of Pleafure were, laft Week, ordered by the
pious Magiftrates to be whipp'd out of the different Gates of that
City; but the Nature of the Crime was fuch, that they met with
as many Friends as Spe€tators, fo that the Executioner durft nor
perform his Dury. A young Tradefman of the fame City waited
without the Gate, with a Horfe and Servant, and carry'd off one
of them, and, ‘tis faid, all three are come for London; if it be fo,
I may venture to fay, it is fending Coals to Newcaitle.

From Gunford near Uxbridge, 'That feven Children of Captain Ru-
pert Brown's (the eldeft 13, che younge 2 Years old) were inocu-

ared three Weeks ago (by the Direftion of Dr. Thorold, a noted
Phyfician) for rhe Smal!-Pox, and have al} done well, without one
bad Symptom thro’ the whole Progrefs of the Diftemper.

From Gloucefter, 'That fince the Affizes there, four Men and a Wo-
‘man have been committed to the Caftle there, two for the Highway,
one for Murder, and the reft for Felonies.

From Norwich, That on Monday laft Alderman Fromantle,
chofen Mayor of thar City.

From Maidffone, That a Man was committed laft Saturday to the!
Goal in that Town, for the Murder of one Mitchell, at the Sun ,

‘ man he invidioufly terms Crab-Catcher, as he would bafely infinu-
‘ate ; and che eleven Casks of Tobacco will be prov’d, by undeni-
‘able and reputable Witnefles, to have paid all Duties, as well as
“a greater Quantity taken many Months fince, without the leaf
‘Ground imaginable, unlefs the Pique of a worthlefs Fellow againft
‘a worthy honeft Man can be call’d juft Sufpicion, or fufficienr
© Reafon, forcibly to take away fome hundred Pounds worth of
“Goods, great Part of which are damaged and loft to the Proprie-
‘tor. But the Authors of thefe Villainies arc not like to efeape
‘long with Impunity; for the Scene is now opening when it may
‘appear, that thefe Tranfaitions have been carried on merely to
‘fcreen their own vile Practices; for laft Weck a Padlock was put
*on the Cuftom-Houfe Door here, by Order of the Honourable the
* Commiffioners, on certain Information that fome ef the principal
‘ Officers of this Port had been concern’d with divers Guern{fey Mer-
‘chants, in defrauding his Majefty of his Dutics on vaft Quantities
‘of Wine, &c. The Manner of carrying on this nororious Trade,
‘was by fimall Veficls freighted at Guernfey ; and, ‘tis fuppofed, were
‘fupply'’d by thefe Officers with Permits, to carry their Wines to
‘London, as if Duty had been paid, or as being condemn’d Goods
‘from this Cuftom-Houfe.

We hear that an extraordinary Engine is lately invented for rai-
fing Water, by a Compreffure of Air, at a very eafy Expence; it
has been view'd by feveral ingenious Artilts, who have approv’d the
fume, and, it is thought, ic will prove of great Advantage to the
Publick. The Account we have of it is; that it will raife above
200 Tons in an Hour, and thereby be capable of fupplying any
City or Corporation with Warer ;: Ic will likewife fufficiently drain
all Sorts of Mines, whether Coal, Tin, Lead, or any other, and
likewife drain Marfh Lands, overflow’d with Water, and will be
of particular Service in draining Water out of Ships, extinguifhing
Fires, fuppiyin Gentlemens Seats, and on many other Occafions.
This remarkable Engine is portable, and may be carry’d to any
Part of the Kingdom in a common Waggon. His Majefty having
been pleas’d to grant his Letters Patents for the fole making and
vending the faid Machine tothe Inventors thercof, Mr. Thomas
Nuttall and Mr. Jofepl Skyrin ; they may be apply’d unto at Mr.
Lord's Office, at Nol. under the King’s-Bench Office in the Inner-
Temple.

A Court of Admiralty is tobe held on the 26th Inftant, for the
Tryal of Pyrates.

Our Merchants have Advice, that the Princefs of Porrugal, Cap-
tain Godfrey, bound from Madera to Jamaica, was lately taken by a
Spanifh Guard del Cofta, alias Pyrate, near the Iiland of Hifpaniola.

We havean Account from Jamaica of the 2d of March laft, that
Sprigg the Pyrate hath been again at the Bay of Honduras, and ta-
ken 16 Sail, of whom he deftroy’d one; that his Conforr Shipton,
who commanded a large Sloop of 12 Guns and 70 Men, was caft a-
way on the Florida Shore, where the Indians tonk them all except
Shipton and 12 more, who efcap’d in a Canoe: 'The Indians eat 16
of chem, and the reft they earry’d to Havana: that the Diamond
Man of War hath taken the Pyrate Canoe, with 4 Negroes, and one
white Man, and about 3000]. but Shipton and the reft again efcap’d.

They write from Rhode-Tfland, Feb. 5. That a Ship, in her
Paffage from Jamaica to the Bay, was taken by a Pyrate, who took
out.the Mafier and Mate, and put 4 of their own Men aboard to na-
vigate her ; but 2 of them happening to be involuntary Pyrates, they

was Joya the True-Men, kill'd the other two, and brought in the Ship.

he Common-Council of London, before the Negative takes

place, has thought fit to advance the Salaries of John Lingard, Ef

Common-Serjeant, to 200]. per Ann, and each of the Judges. o
 \ A

{

the Sheriifs Court, Wiilias Pis'cfuar, Efq; and Simon Urlin, Efq;
toTool. per ann. abu oruer't, dias the Kxpence of the Lay-Suit
poing. on, concerning the Risht of Patronage of the Church of.
St. Margaret’s Pairyas, fauil be defray’d out of the Chamber of
London. | 7 ,
-'Thurfday about One in the Afternvon commenced the Tryal of
the Earl of Macclestield in the Houte of Lords, which ‘ds thought
will hold feveral Days. His Lordfhip fits upon a Stool juft within
the Bar, uncovered, and without his Robes ; but all the other Lords
ficin their Robes atd in their duc Places. |
We hear that Joh: Welt, Eiq; Member of Parliament, and one
of his Majefty'’s Council ar Law, will fucceed che Lord Vilcount

Middleton in the Chancellorflip of [reland.

Honours a d Promotions. His Majefty has conferr’d the Honour of
Knighthood on Conrad Joachim Sprengell, a Phyfictan.— The Rey.
Mr. Andrew Trebcek is prefented to the Re&ory of St. George's,
the new Church near Hanover-Square, by his Majefty. The
Rev. Mr. Woodford is made Treafurer of the Cathedral Church of
Wells, by Dr. Hooper, Bifhop of that Diocefs, in the Room of Dr.
Ibbor, decexfed. The Rev. Mr. Wyat is nominated by the Earl
of Nottingham, Head-Mafter of Felftead-School in Effex.
Rev. Mr. Goodridge is Prefented to Broad-Hempfon, in Devon.
The Rev. Mrs Suckling is made Prebendary of Weitminfter, in the
room of Dr Ibbor deceas’d———Cupt. GarJington is appointed to Com-
mand the Kingtale of 40 Guns; and Capt. Heardinan che Rofe of
20 Guns, two of His Majefty’s Ships.

A new Commitfion of the Peace 1s pafs’d the Seals for Wilthhire.

Cafwalties. A poor Man cut his Throar at a Viétualling-Houle in
Fore-Street, while they went for a Pint of Beer for him.----An anci-
ent blind Woman was thrown down by aCarr, which broke both her
Legs ; the next Day they were cur off, and two Days atter fhédy'd.---
A Man fell off a Lighter in the Night-time, at Tower-Wharf, and
yous drownd.

To-Morrow there will be tevo Charity Sermons preached at the United Pa-
rio Church of St. Olaveefewry, and St. Martin's Ironmonger-Lane, for
the Benefit of the Charity Children belonging to St. Olave-Feary aforefaid ;
that in the Morning hy the Reverend Mr. Wheatly, LeCturer of St. Leonard
Shoved t-h, aud that in the Afternoon by the Reverend My. Nicolfon, Lefuver
of St. Sepulchres.

ADVERTISEMENT S..
TH Perfon who advertifes himftt? for a Companion for a Gentleman, is defired to
fend a Line to Mr. Mift in Carter-Lane, where a Letter may be directed to him.

; To be SOLD . ;
IVE and twenty Couple of choice Harriers: Enquire of Mr. William Watkins
at the Sun Tavern near York-Buildings in the Strand.

TOLEN or ftray‘d April the 26th, out of the Grounds of Mr. James Goodwin,
Brewer, in Kings Tangy Herttordhhire, a dappled grey Gelding, about feven
Years old, branded on both his fore Hoofs, with J. G. about fourteen Hands high,
blind on the farther Kye, and greafy heel'd onthe near Leg behind. Whoever brings
the faid Horfe to Mr. Terrill at the Maidenhead-Inn in St. Giles’s in the Fields, orto
Mr. Goodwin aiorefaid, thall have 10s. Reward and reafonable Charges,

; , | fuk ublithed,

*.* A Collection of Sermons by Mr. Jeremy Collyer, and are ready to be deli-

vered to the Subitribers, by Mr. Bowyer, Printer, in White Fryars; and by Mr.

Smith at the Bell, the Corner of Lamb’s-Conduit-Paffage, in Red-Lion-Street,
olborn.

Where may be hid, The Author's Ecclefiaftical Hiftory, and the Appendix to

Morery’s Dictionary. . ;
This Day is publinhed, ;

*.* The TRANSACTIONS of the feveral COURTS of EUROPE, in the
Month of February, Printed in French and Englifh in Columns, oppofite to each
other, whereby fuch Englifh Gentlemen asare learning French will infenfibly arrive
at a competent Knowledge in that Language, and Foreigners who underftand French
will cafily make Fngiith tamiliar to them. ‘Tobe continued Monthly. Price 1s. 6d,
Printed for J. Koberrs in Warwick-Lane. N.B. The Month of March is in the Prefs,
and will be publithed in a rhort Time. .

uit publithed, No. ro. (for the Month of March) of a Work intituled,

#.* MODERN Fi ISTORY, or, the Prefent State of all Nations, defcribing
their -refpective Situations, Perions, Habits, Buildings, Manners, Lawsand Cuftoms,
Religion and Policy, Artsand Sciences, Trade, Manufactures and Husband: y, Plants,
Animals and Minerals. By Mr. Salmon. N. B. This Pamphlet contains the pre-
fent State of Java, and particularly of Batavia, and the Dutch Settlements in the
Eaft-Indies ; 1t concludes the Defcription of the Oriental and Sunda [flinds, and
fhews, that the Accounts we have received of certain Nations of Canibals or Man-
eaters, are generatiy, if not always fabulous, and probably the Product of a fruitful
Invention. Printed for James Crokatt, at the Golden Key nearthe Inner-Temple-
Gate, in Fleet-Street, and fold by J.

not,

raves in St. James’s-Street, J. Jackfon near
St. James's-Honfe, C, Rivin Paut’s Chureh-Yard, J. Brotherton at they:
ble, and J. Clark nnder the Royal-Exchange in Cornhill.

Of whom may béhad all the Numbers, and
Juft publifhed, beautifully printed, for the Ule of Schools, as alfo Gentlemen
who are defirous of acquiring the French Lan A Tranflation of the firft Num-

. Tobe continued Monthly. Price one Shilling. Sold by the

ber of Modern Hiftory ) be ee
and likewife by Mr. Vaillant in the Strand, and Mr. Wood-

‘abovefaid Bookfellers,
man in Covent-Garden.

:

ese
Toe SOLD, -

HOR. puny: tuad Advowfons of feveral Kectovies of good Value: Enquire re.

T Cuthbert, acxt Door ts Scusaupe-Court, Charing-Crofs. of Mr
Jutt publithed, the fond Edition, of =...  — --

8." A VIEW of LONDON and WEST MINS IE; or; The TOWN-SPY:
Containing a diverting Account of the H&mours of the Ha! -Pay Officers, and tae
Girard: &e. at St. \largiret’s in Weitminftcr ; of rhe Quality, and Lheir Servants, at
St. James’s; of the Hugsnuts, &e. at St. Anne Soho. A furprifing story ot a Mifer
ar St. Giles sin the Ficics; wicthia Deieyiptioa of that Parifh ani Drury Lane. Re-
mirkatl: Practices: ot the [rith Scec.ety or Fertune-AHunters at St. Paul's Covent.
Girten, recommended tu all the Boarding <chocls, &e. in Great Britain. Practices
of the .ampany of Upholders at St. Aiary ic Savoy. Of the Lawyers at 6t. Cement
Dane’, aaa St. Dunitan's in the Weft. Of the Ladies at St. Andrew's Holbourn,
OF the Vercors of Ludgate Pardth, and the Weekty Journalifts vu  Black-Fryars, To-
pether with the differeac Cuttoms, &e. of the Inhabirants of :nof of th: Parithes
IN Loadea, The preient State of Cucknldo:n, and a Character of the City Wives.
By a FOREIGNER. Sold by T. Warner, at the’Rlack Boy it. Pater-Nofter-Row,

and by the Rookfellers of London and Weftminfcr Price one Shilling.

INCTU ‘A MIRIFICA: Or, the miraenious Tintture for tke Stone and
T Gravel, a few Dronsof which momentarily takes.off the. mrit excrutiating Paing
cither in the Reins or Bla-ders, -and cercainiy prevents their Ketum: For it alto
lutely eures that Diftemper 122 wonderiil Atanner, inftantly removes all Unéefi-
nefs of Ditfeulty in making Water, heals ail Excoriations, end even Uicsrs ot the
urinary Paffages, relaxes the Urcters, fo that tmall Stones, together with Gravel,
and all mucous, ffs, obftructing Matter, may pafs freely srom the Kidneys to be
voided vifibiy with Urine, w.thout Pain, effectually cleanfes both the Reins and
Bladder fren all Impurities, entirely prevents the Stone in thofe thar are troubled
with the Gravel only, a“uredly difolves all la‘ge Stones peffible to be diffolved. and’
litewift beings all thofe Parts and Paflages to their due Tone and Vigonr, as pir
fectly to free the Patient from all th: tevere Symptoms and miftrable’ Efe ts of
that torcuring Difeat:: ’Tis the farcit Medicine in the World, and not difagreea-
ble te cake ; the very tirft Dofe of it abfo.utely creas the moft dreadtul Fit of either
Stone or Gravel, in a Minute, giving fuca wondertal Relief and pertect Eafe. as is
indeed very furprifing. Is tobe hid only at Mr. Radtord’s Toyfhop,: at th: Role
and Crown againft St. Clement's Church-Yard in the Strand, nedr Aruadel-Street-

End, at 35. 6d. a Bottle, with Dire¢tigns.
AMOUS Drops for HYPOCOND*IAC MELANCHOLY: Which eff

F cure on the Spot, by re-tif,ing the Stomach and Blood, cleanfing pretecteal ay
Imourities, and giving & cew Turn to their Ferment, ateenuating all vifcous tena,
cious Hemours (which make the Head heavy, ciog rhe Spirits, confiufe the Mind
and cant the deepeft Melancholy, with direfiul Views and black Reflections) comtor-
ting the Brain and Nerves, compofing the hunmied Thovghts, and intraduein bright
lively Ideas and pieafant Hrisknefs, inftead of difinal Aporchenfiens and dirk tncum-
brance ef tho Soul, fetting the [atellectuals at liberty to a:t with Courage, Sereni+
ty, and fteady Chearfu'nefs, and caufing a vifible difafive Joy torcign in the Room
of aneaty Doubts, Fears, &¢e. for which they may be truly efteemed jafallible Price
35. 6d, a Bortle, with Directions. Sold only at W. Bells, Bookfeller, at the Crofs.

eysaad Bible in Cornhill, near the Royal-Exchange, . “

Againt the VENEREAL DISEASE a

“H F. famous Italian ROLU S has fo great Succefsin the Cure of the Venereaf

lifesfe, that not one of the great Numbers that daily take it mifs of a perfe:t
Cure; andtho' fo very cheap as 2S 6d. each, yet foilr Boloffus never tail to pr
our and carry off the moft malignant, virulent, and obftinate kind of the eencrea Dif.
eafe, without Confinement, or making yonrCafe known to any; which, if it fails to
do, the Moncey is retum’d. This rat Medicine likewif deftroys Metcury, and care -
ries itout of the Rody, and thereby relicves thoft unfortunate Perfons who have.

fallen into bad Hands in former Cures... Isto be had only at the Flaming Sword
Corner of. Ruft!-Strect, over-gainft Will’s Coffec-Houfe, Covent-Garden ’; and if Pa
at my ocher Place is Counterfeit.
4 HEN®Y COX, living next Doct to the Sign of the Fa'con, g-
Bes) againgt the Vine Taver. in Holborn, having, by a great Cold
which fell into my Eves, loff my Sight, infomuch that I did ne-
) ver expe-t I fhould ever be brought to fee 2gain, but happily was
advif=i to make Ufe of Mrs Cater, who, not only at firft Sight, to my no {mall
Com‘art, told me I was curable, and alfm did, under God, verform the fame in as thore
a Time as could becxpzcted ; and this I do fot no other Intent but for the Gond and
Beneht of thofe who may mect with the like Affliztion: The faid Mrs. Cater ftiil lives
in Caftle-Court, Birchin-Lane, at the Sign of the Hand and Eye.

Note, She cures without any Inftrument ; and fhe infallisty cures rhe Aguc, with-
out the !eaft Grain of Cortex, or that they call the Jefitits Bark. Price five Shillings
the Vial. No Lettersreceived except Poft paid.
Ecos Mirabile : Or, the Admirable EleQuary; which infallibly cures all

Degrees and Symptoms of t'-e Secret Diftaf, with more Eafe, Spced and Safe.
ty, thanan Medicine yet publifh’d; any old Running, &c. though of feveral Years
ftanding, whether oecafion’d by an over-ftrain, Weaknefs of the Seminals, or the Ke-
licts of a former Infection, is certainly cur'd in a fhort Time, without a Minute's
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ufe of Aftringents ; being a Medicine ta wonderfully
pleafant and eafy in its Operation, that the niceft Patate, or weakeft Conftitution,
may take it with Delight: Two Pots are generally fificient to Compleat a Cure in
moft Cafes. ‘To be had only of the Author Dr.Cam, a Gtaduate_Phyfician; wio has
publitt’d it 20 Years, and is conftantly to be advis’d with at his Honfe at rhe Golden

all and Lamp, in Bow Church-Yard in Cheapfide, at half a Gusnea the Pot.

INCTURA NERVOSA CARDIACA, 6r the Cordial Tinéture for the Nerves,
__ being an approved, experienced and never-failing Medicament in finking; lan-
guithing, and lownefs of Spirits, Palpitation, or Trembling of the Heart, in al -
litick, foporof and convulfive Diftempers, and in all Afifictions of the Head and
Nerves ; it infallibly prevents the bad Effects of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which
occafions in moft People the above-mentioned Difordets (with many more, whiek you'll
fee at large in the printed Rook of Directions) but_yet by taklng a few Lropsof this

moft pleafant delicate Cordial, in the firft Dish of Coffee or Tea, you may then drink
at Liberty ; for this great Medicine penetrates through the whole nervohs Syftem,
and fo recrits the Rrain and Prieco which

4 rdia with a full Influx of exulting Spirits,
perform the Bufine& of vital Function with freth Alacrity, ani new Brisknef; fo
that the Pulfe, whieh lay feeble and wavering, now fallsa beating vigotoufly, and
with great Fxactnet$; moreover, it wonderfully difverfes Fear, Sadnes, confufed
Thoughts, Twitchings of the Legs and Arms, difturbed Sleep, and all the difinad
Train of Vapours and Melancholy. It hkewift ftops Vomiting, puts off Naufcouf
nefs, procuresa good Appetite, and is now in great Efteem amongft Quality of the
firft Rank. Sold only at G. Strahan's, Rook@lter at the Golden Ballin Cornhill, o@
ver-againt the Royat-Exchange, and at no other Place. Price 2s. 64,
 #.* The Antiquities of I tt OW, Travels at the Learned and Reterend
Rernard de anf ‘am Baris s ane and op 5 ited from the
Latin Onigin.|, and adorn am with with féveral Additions comnvunicated to. the
Editor by the Author. printed nbed for As : Ne ‘pub Lainb withoud Temple-sar.
is
i, Stake ‘’s Wo Vol. fev xx, Saunder’s Reports, two Vol:
“apers Wate f NB trae xxi. Collection of carious a fix § their
_ great att oes een Wen bya yh, Mebonetanitn expand
. A new Vo ie Wo a
Court never iifl'd before, y "fem ad Spanith Manufcript by Mr Mr.

Mi. Hiftory of the RK atretone in St
to the the Agcefion of K Lewis I. a Sey sain tr Shects of Hotingthed'’s | 2

AVING "received the following isetter from my Friend in the Coutttry,
ey Vvour.of one of the sobleft Medicines ia the Wotld; f defire you wall aE
for che Bencfic of Mankind, having my feif itkewif, a4 many o:’n intance,
long experienced its fovereign Vertucs, It is certainly the mit effer Cure fox
the Cholick, expelling Wind in any Part of the Body, and all Surts ot ikarp and
corroding Huamonrs, the Bowels, and ieftoring the Coats of the Stomach to
icra Tone, uth and Veoue ie and indig Matter, creating Appetite,

@out
rf made publick: anjin the Hands of a near
; os te Dotior ho Gir prepared it, and called: THE ROW ate CORDIAY,
rt CTURE. id oly by Mr. V.G, Toyfhop. in Sica ee ard and
cthe Maker's, ars the Green Lamp in Swallow: -Screet, Pic the
Direttions how to ufe it, at 33. 6d. exch Botti Bottle.

Burnet's Hi e Chronic 5 hey
" abraged ‘s Hiftory of his ee ean iv More ‘art of H SiR,” with printed
v. Monafticum Hibernicum ; or. o- ‘Iw now prefen .
naftical Hift. o! OY ireland with Cutts xyy. Me Abelard and eloife’s Letters. Change fo hort & Time ha Bede hee aoe this, Would be firpria’d at the
xxvi. Cibber's faye sVolitoval P. you i. faw me, which.[ know not what to attribate to (under God) bat che Ue of

Vi. _naimon's Chronolog. tiftoria iftorian rela-
at l. waxil Grove 5 or Collection of original | that noble Cord: 1. a was pleated to reamnmead oe one I had noc nied it fix Times

ryal tween K. Charles I. and loems. a till I tound m iv. at a
pden, relating to Ship Mo- Timental Bhilofep Lectures of Expe- Palos, which made Tie a Barn ee am How raordco my eee Stengel
[ , px

ut ; ofophy. ; fj aad te, which to one fo far gone, 38 next Miracle.
viii. _ Simon Dews's Journals of Q. xxix Ton tio the whole Iflind o* ittoa my Frien ) . , vel of wi ve a it with great Suceefs, for vin»
Eli, Parliamerits. Great Fj Cholick and Pains in the Hezd and Stomach. I think it’ is great
ix. mador’s Formulare Anglicanum ; or xx. Scrivener's Guide, two Vol. _ Pitty fo foverei edecine fhould from the Publick: I defire make
“Call ny antient Dewds and dChaters. xxxi Brown's Practice of the Court of what Ufe yeu pleale of thisy ay a acknomledeeiey teat : STh yout
Cambridge, April 7, 1725. , Yours, &e,

x. Pliny's Paes. ani Paneay tick tranfi. Exchequer.

by feveral two Vol. Xxxil, Lutwyche
xi. *Radleys nee new Improvements of xxxiti Mr. aha *Onban’ We Works, -two

Pl Garde compleat in = Vol.
one Vek 8m Garening complea xxiv. Ovid Motamorpofis, Eng two

-~Works of Nature, fine Cutts.
aa hada Traallition of Agricola of xxxv. Monntfort's Plays, two Vol.

Husbandry, with fine Cutts. xxxvi. Karl of y, and Sir Tho.
xiv. stan wo Decads af fuceulent  Wryat's cary Bee ,

wet tants xxxvil. Fleu Hit
on's
ai, Crozall’s ae Fables. ‘orks and rosin Keil Introdudtio ad Aftrono-
‘ ‘ [s)
Remains ens xd." Land Purchafér's Compa
xix. Levinz’s Reports and Entries, two sii. Tawsrelating to the way
xlii

or ‘hom may be had alfo, A compen Sett Rs Votes of the Honourable Houfe
of Commons.

uft publifhed,
= »* The Reafoning of Chrift and his Apofties, in Defence of Chriftianiry. confi-
dered ; in feven Sermons preached at Hackney, in the Months of November and
Decen'ber 1 24, To which is prefix’, a Preface taking Notice or the fal Repycfen-
Cation of { anity, and STO Toor ng in Defence of it, in 2 Book
intitutsd, The Grounds and Reafans of Chriftian Ke igict. By Thomas Bullock
M.A. ati tothe Right Reverend the Lord Bithop of Norwich. Publithes
the R of the Genticmén of Hackney. Prinred for R. Kuaplock at the
Binop' He Head in Sr. Paul Ghurch- Yard. Alfo his Sermon preached ar Notwich on
-OUNG. Mr. Effex, who dane’d at the Theatre in Drory-Lan Fomee
Y Nee 9-Night, to improve himfulf in Dancing. Lane, went to

E beR Water in the World, fo call'd by thofe who have experienced
1%: fo for che Itch, or any itching H Humours.” It bath been Se Oh inwardl ferme
fe hes preTerved fey Poa ea a ean tae Sores, Ulcers, or Fiulas
. vi wibs cut o t
oiled. Sold bythe Perfon that makes i it, at the Sign ot the of the Green Canifter next te have

#.* Anhiftorieal Effay on the Ie iftarive Power wok Englands wherein the Origin Ino at London Wall near Little M who is the Ongiaat
of ‘Sea Honses of LEfy on theitancient Conftitution, and the Changes that have and Hail P i Radiords Toy mone Sold by Mr. Gouge at ge at the Caftie in Weftmin-
tala con Perfons that compoftd them, with the Oceafions thereof, are rela- Charen Yor’ he Strand phils My crown 4 St. Ciement’s

in a chronological Order; a and many ‘| Vhi concerning | the & Englifh Government, f of the Romane randel-ftreet, . Ww * North Entronce

Antiquities of the Laws of England, andthe feudal Law are oceafionally illuftra- | Rookfeller, under ay atau Bartholomew Lane, Mr. grewart Bowyer,
Fed and Spal, Fy Georg: Se Amid of che Innes Temp bap Prove fx] in Se Mary Axe" “Nei ine Spek Puce a. 6d eke orci’ with prints
Py be 4) | 4
Fieet-Srreet, attd fold by J. STAGG in Wetainhential piettions W to ufe it, What is fol eitemhere cana be defended on, being coun-
my. .
toni A Colleétion of Debates of the Houf of Comajous, in the Year 16 relati uit publifhed new Editions of the follow Books. ‘
the Bill of Exc:ufion of the Duke of York. Containing the S the Lord “An ‘Account o of the PLACE wee i Swallew,
Full, Sir Henry Capel, Sir Fr. Winnington, Ral. Montague, Cuckow, Fitldfare, Woodcock, ahd other Birds of Go
Sir Gilb. werrard,, Sir Lion. wi ng, Sir Tho. Player, Sir Rich. ome Graham, Sir m and Refide, when Abit‘ from us. (A Curious Treati®) Alifo the
am Poulene Daniel Finch, Ef; Hugh Boftawen, Efq; John Trenchard, £9; , GOUT, the Weaknt®, and Secret Patient's DIAR Being -
John Hampien, Et Sir yi Roger ai, » Sir William ones, Sir Kichard ot Maton, Lau- each a Practical Journal from Day to Day whilft a Perfon bas the
rence Hide, E{G, Co w. Deering, Efq; Birch, with many more § and 9 Secret Difta&, or a GLEET, or the GOUT, or R beumatifin up-
a Lift of the Mer bers thee "compofed that Houte. To which is added, the Debates enthem. The Books are all GIVEN ven as RALIS Ui One Pair of
of the Houfe of Commons itembled at Oxford, March 21, 1610. As alfo an Intro- Stairs at the Celebrated Anodyne N cE, R
duétion, fhewing gthe Progrefs of Popery, trom the Reformation to the prefent Time. by Dr. Chamberten for Children’s Teeth without Tenpie bar A at Me _ Jeremiah
II. A compleat Sct of Bibliotheca Literaria ; containing a Collection of Infcrip- Pain's T tho in_Pope’s Head-Ally in Cornhill, right overagainft the Royal-Ex-

Bradfha Author's
Soho Squas d by R. w (the Servant) agulnk Sutton-Stieet bead by

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick J Jalcp, which igknawn b
J Medicine in obftinate Afthma’s, y

tians Medals Differtations, &c.

Il. The Hiftory of the ancient and modem State of the Principality of Wales, | S
Dutch of Cornwal, and Earldem of Chefter. By Sir John Doderidge, Kt.

IV. den’s View and Defence of the Englith itution.

V. The cof Ireland a by Aét of Parliament in "England, ftated by
Willian Mollyneux of Dublin

Newly publith’d, by Thontas Croueh at the Bell in Pater-Nofter-Row, near Cheap-
y publithd, bY fide, the fourth Edition of
¥.* The Englifh Here; or, Sir Francis Drake revived. Being a Full Aecount of
the Voyages, Adventures and Atchirvements of that renowned mander, As, I,
His Voyzge in 2572, to Nombre de Dios in the Welt-Indies, where they wa et
Bars of Stiver, near feventy, Foot long, ten broad, and twelve Foo
mpaffing the whale Worldin 1577, in two Years and ten Months, caning t a ar
Quan tity = Gold and Silver. ITT. His Voyage into America, in 1385, and taki
ee Town of S t. Jago, St. Doming», Carthagena, and St. A ne. . His!
ge into thef@ Countries in ss95, With his Death and Burial, Kevited, corrected
ange enlarg:d. By R.B. Price one ne Shilt ting.
) T the Dove ant Golden Ball in Salisbury-Court, Fleet-ftreet, I}.
veth a Gentlewoman chat prepares the moft execilent Cofmetick
or Beautifiers yer known, as that moft noble Pre uration, of Pearl,
witha parcicular beautifying © iid, bth which ufy Ladies of the
firft Quality they, with Suip: ace, t way fe nets, inp oT
Rouganeh y Worms, Morphews Scurt, Sma, Freckics, Wrink- ,
Pits of the Small-P FOR with other Defilements of the Skin. | €
7 hewn fhe prepares a fine Italian Cream ‘or the Face, Neck, and § ijl eee
Hands, whieh plumps and. fm oaths the Skin to Admiration y the Nuns White “Pots, ier
and Tower-Street Pors, with an Eaft-India Chinefe Red Liquor, none having the | di
Secret bute herfelf: It gives a moft natural and lating Blum, that no can di- | rig
ftinguith when on the Face, and nat ta be rubl'do If> tobe had, the red Crown f.
Cakes, White-Paite, or Cakes tor the Face, or Hands, and alt other Cotrtick for-
merty f td here by Mrs. Hoekle. N. B, She asa ch ymieat Liquor which alters red'er } wi
grey Heir toaligit or d.ck Brown,

Years Experience to be a never-failing
who foffocatiog F Fit it puts off in 2 Moment § it gives_a perfect Relief in ftraine
ing laborious Coughs, that are unmercifully troublefome Niatt a and Morning , ‘tisa
moft excellent Remedy for Shortnefi o rea Wi upon any Motion and in
Sand Wheezi

te Bi Brouchial Dutts and emo

to cold, clammy, flimy Ph! nf across, “iden moves and works it
HERR ee and fh 7a fora on dears ap ack nin

scoring ng bo th ices creat the Golder Ball. 7 Ss
ca ° ‘aa tl ove
the Roja -Exchange, Cornhill, and at no ether Place. Price as, 64, .

T the b ETONGARY WATER WAREHOUSE, at the Black
Comb, a Comb- Makers, tt the Corner of Feil. Savage-[ne
7 on Luger is fold ag th Sune S Hungary Ws watch in | half f
: Pint flint pl acer bet fame Sort ¢ the faid Place
i Years pat, or ra betters being | a freth Parcel, and diiogultics it
Kit from the pernicious Sore fold about the Town
§ by its fine NXavour Recondly ty its eter Water as white ar Nils
ay and if yoret‘a Spoonful on hire with a ed Paper, it will
hereas th e contertelr Sore ha none of ities es, by reafon the Mates
mutch better than in thefe: Northern oreover, the i tre
fune Place, and no where clf, and t the i Counter $ firtt put
th a ffefh A fl, tntan on ane run uf ite Montpel Ren vid a nother,
it argiy m Mont ee
‘UN.B. Bewate of Gounteritit. e

LONDON: Printed by N. &f£/ST, in Great-Carter-Lane.

  re
- .

| SaturpAay,. May OF 1725. | ag

jin a grey Hermit Habit, (formerly: with a: Rantias Robe with long
Sleeves, having a Hood thereto like that of #Hermit, “and not
tell ‘after they were bath’d, a Hood,-2 Linnen Coif, and-a pair of

¥

FBRINCE it is the common Difcourf at prefeht, that

.
\ ' .
' Ave
ita ¢ CFA ad
mn cog ighe-
. x .
* tir ’
iq~’-* ‘ oi™
# .
. . - 7
e “
fe S Yeo *
bal qd

the. ancienr. Inftitution, of Knights of the Bath is
fhortly to be revived, we conceive it will ‘be tig dif-
agreeable Subje&, to fearch into the Original of that

Boots, ‘and in that Drefs went devoutly to divine Service, to begin.

arieoe| Order, and to give its Hiftory by colletting ail that | their Warfare there, as_principally. intended font nour and
eee} we can findrecorded of it in the Books df Heralds | Service of. God. : That Night they fupp 4 ‘ , aid were cach
a + ‘'.' fof them attended by.two. Eiquires, (call’d: iors) and a Page ;

and other Writers. . - - 2 , nd
The Knights of the Bath were firft introduced by King Henry IV.
A. D. 1399, to attend the Ceremonies of his Coronation ; when in
the Tower he knighted 46 Efquires, who had watched the Night be-
re, and bathed themfelves, and gave each-of them a green Coat
aching down to the Ancles, and furr’d with ‘Minivere, having on
e left Shoulder two white filk T'wifts, hanging loofe, with 'Tof-
els ; fince which Time they have been frequently made at the Co-
A yonations or Nuptials of the Kings of England, Creations of the
+ Princes of Wales, or like.great and folemn-Occafions == _—  _ fifo trir Hat belonp’d te
, ‘They sre, in Reality, no other than Knights Batchelors, that is}-Fee) in which Veffel, after having commended themfelves to God,
!'to fay, fuch as are created with thofe Ceremonies wherewith f the wafh'd, and bath'd, to put °em in mind that they ought to keep
_ Knights Batchelers were, in former Times, ufually created here, their Bodies and Minds un efile’d. Early next Mornining (for the
and in-many other Parts of Chriftendom. Some have, indeed, thought | ancient Watchings and religious Ceremonies perform'd in the
' ’em a diftin& Order in the Days of the Saxons, and not introduced | Night-Time, were left off) they were awaken'd with Mufick, and
' ‘by King Henvy IV. becaufe Knights in thofé Days were made with drefs'd themfelves:in the fame. Habit. ‘Then the Earl Marthal and
| Jike.Ceremonies ; but it is to be known, that’ anciently Knights in] others appointed by the King, went to ‘em, .and call’d them: ont
; general received their. Inftirution with religious Ceremonies, ‘as rder. an Oath to fear’ Go fend
| Watching, Fafting, Bathing, confecrating the Sword, receiving the} Church,’to honour ‘the King, and maintaifi his Prerogative, and
| Sacrament, and the like; and they were girt with the Belt and{to prote& Widows, Virgins, Orphans, -and all others, (as far,
Sword (not dubb’d, as fince) ‘and kifs’d by the King. But fome of] they were able) from Injury an Af )
; thefe Ceremonies having been long. laid afide with us, were qgain ‘ken this Oath, they were condufe to Morning Prayer by the |
| brougnt into. Ufe, ‘and made peculiar.to this Degree of Knights of | King’s. Mu&ck, with. the Heralds before ‘em, and from thence te.
the Bath, who, thence-forward, evok thar Name from the bathing ‘Chamber !apain, where.they- put off their Hermit Habit, and
of themfelyes before, as preparatory to their Knighthood by i
n

‘¥ drefi'd themfelves im a Mantle of red 'Taffata (the Emblem of
which Ceremony of Bathing in Knighthood, the Knights were
given to underftand, thatin all their future Life they ought to be

‘Blood: iand War) -and a white Hat adorn’d with.a Plume of white
Feathers:over their: Linnen, Coif; with a -pair of white Gloves
eat and clean, as well of Body as.Seul, honeft in their Mannérs,| hanging at the pendant Cordon of their Mantle ; (formerly he was
d Behaviour of. Life, wholly difpofed to embrace Virtue, and to] here only girded with a Girdle of white Leather, without Buckles,
nfe, in all their AG@ions, Induftry, Providence and Wifdom. —
‘This is not properly a ditin®: Order of Knighthood, tho’ fome,

haying'a Coif on his Head, a Mantle of Silk over a Kirtle of red
firft View, may imagine it (whatever it may be hereafter altered

Tartatian, ty’d with a‘ Lace of white Silk, and a pair of white

, fre Gloves. htinging at the.Silk Lace, all-which was the Chandlers Fee.)
‘and ere&ed into,) for they have neither Laws. or Statutes’ affigned
‘them ;. nor were they, heretofore, to, wear their Robes but at the

Then they took: Harfe, and their Horfes “were ‘accouter’d ‘with -
black Saddles’ and ‘Frappings, fpeck’d with white (but fornierly
Time or Solemnity of their Greation, (except the red Ribbod,| not fpeck’d) with a Crofs in their Forehead. Hach. had’ his Page
-which they have been, of Jate, allowed to wear crofs thtir left} on ‘Horfeback;. carrying. before hima Sword with’a gilt Hilt; ar
Shoulder,) and upon any Vacaricy the fame tSnot fupplied: -
A French Auther calls “em Knights of: she Crown; becaufe (fays

‘which hang their gilt Spurs, and.alfo. the two Efquires, or Gover- .
nors riding on each Side of: ‘em; formerly the Scabard and Béle
he) to diftinguifh em from Efguires, they wear upou their left
Shoulders an Efcatcheon -of -black Silk, with’ three Crowns of

was of white Leathef -withoyt Buckles.) In this Manner, with
| ‘Trampets founding before; ‘ems . they,. march to Court, where they
Gold embroider’d thereon; - but that :
| -a Miftake, for it is not,-found that.

’ Badge ‘was at any ‘Time (after that:-manner) ufed by them, except

after Supper ‘they withdrew -to their “i

prepared for each of them a little Bed with red Curtains, and the
Arms*of their Families upon them (which Bé
and without Curtains, and-only ufed te lyeisiid dry themfelves in
after. their Bathing, and to repofe themfélye ‘itLafter | had per-
formed theis. Vigils,, Watching, and religious’ Ditties offhat Nighr)
and edch‘had a bathing Veflel clofe by the Bed, covered with a

fo trimm’d them, and had the Bat

“wer condudted;:by two ‘fenior Knights; -into the King's Prefence.
“Then the Belt: ‘Sword: hanging 0 .At,, were delivered to the ©
, ‘Lord’ Chamberlain, ‘who deliver'dthe, fame’to the, King, who put _

enly a Silk Lace ;-tho’ the Diftin@ion worn of late. Yepis to bel it on-overthwart:the Knight, and .ordered two fenior Knights to
known by, has been a Medal of Gold, containing thrée’Crowris e-{ put on the’Spurge.5 i. ert a
~ geGed on three Branches of a Tree united in one, with. this Mot-] After the ‘Creation they.:ufed heretofore" to ferve up the Difhes
zo, ‘TRIA JUNCTA IN. UNA, and hanging down under the left/ atthe King’s'Table. Then the din’d together, fitting all on one Side,
"Arm; froma Carnation Ribbon worn crofsthe Body. = —_—*if' each. under an’Efeutcheon pf his own Arms. At Evening Prayer
~~ ‘Théir-Numbér has been always uncertain, H. IV. at his Corona-| they répair to .ché ‘Chappel; and offer. theit Swords upon the Al-
“ion, made 46 ; Ki Charles the Ift, at his Cororiation, 593 and K.| tie, (arld firicerely: were there fwarn to prelerve the Rights of the
Chavies tlie Tidk on like Occafion, 68, and they wére often Sons-of} Church till their Déaths,) ‘and ‘then. lay down Money’ to- redeem
“‘Noblemen, ‘with athers of inferior Degree. They take Place Be-| thems © / oo. Ue a athe non.
* fote Knights Batchelors, but.are to go after Baronets, and Khights| As they seturn, the King’s, Head Cook food: with his\Knife in ‘his

_Bannerets. an : PS

The Ceremony of their Création, as well as their Habits then
, -worn, have been feveral,Times; varied according ca. the Pleatiire
. of that Pritice who-conferr'd: the, Hanoyr. | .’Fhere were ‘formerly . z. the Coronation
ariany -.Céremonies, whioli.have, been-fince in a. greet meafute di-| arrended the King in their proper Station, with Sword.
fafed ; ‘in ‘the laf Century,, thofe -who giere appointed for tis De-| dnj attired in a blue Manr not ob white 3
ee of Knighshood, were, the Day before their Croatidn, Cloati'd! OF #@rdfsy anda’ Heod apow:-the-lef Shoulder, with’

‘fays a learned Antiquary) is
we or, indeed, any othier

.

‘nifhing "er alfo-to few themfelves frit

"Hatd, and told “em he-canve or. their Spats for his Fee; adma& =!
thful and worthy Kniphts, /"
otherwife he would hack-sheir. Spurs from their Heels, with Dif!
‘prase-and Infamy.. : The next Day, viz. the Te Seokd eed’ Seat
y With. Knot of white Silk, in Form: . >

Chamber, where was .

d; was formerly plain -

Linnen Cloth, (that was formerly: prepare@by the Barber, who al-
h and what belonp’d to it for’his -

lin ‘order, ahd gave.“em_ an Oath to fear’ God, and defend his.. ©

Oppreffion : After: they*had t=

So

+
-

. X

~~ .

OY fa A!
 Ailend they vers fornierly to wear, till chey had gain‘d | T'avern in Chatharh. He had been ¢onfined fome Time at Rochefter.
fome Honearup | Renown; for fome Feats of Arms,’or fome Prince} .“From Bath, That Dr. Wagtaff dy’d there laftWednefday.
or Lady of Quality ce thar Lace from his Shoulder. ®. — "" 6 Port/mouth, May 6. ‘ ‘The Author of che Portfmouth Article in the
Tt FO R*EIGN AF FAL RS... | 4 BritifS yournal of Saturday laft, after a Refpite of near three Months,
Our foreign Advices from feveral Parts prepare us. forithe fudden |‘ informs his Readers, that fome few Days befcré, there was fix-Hoge
breaking up of the Can sougrels of Cambray; for. they. aflure us, that |‘ fheads of Wine, in two Wherries, fiez'd and brought to the Cuftom-
feveral of the Powers. who Jent Plenipotentiaries to that Placé, |‘ Houfe here, and meanly infinuates, that. though it fhould be the
have done their, sufihefs by a private Negotiation, and-in a Manner | ‘quondam Crab-Catchers, this Seizure cannot be controverted. He
very Cifferent 4 m the Plan propoféd by that Treaty. ———-~ This |‘ likewife fays, fome Time before that, another indifpurable Seizure
Piece of News ‘gives the greater Surprize, becaufe rhe Minifters of | was made of eleven Casks of Tobacco, &c. The fix Hogfheads a-
thofe i wae excluded’ had not the ‘Jeaft Intinuition: or: Sufpicion of |‘ bove-mentioned, I am well inform’d, didnot belong to the Gentle-

dv ill ic was finifid. ¢-——- We are told,’ that in:Confequence of this |‘ man he invidioufly terms Crab-Catcher, as he would. bafely infinu-
Treaty, there will be'a double Match berwixt: Spain and Portugal ; |‘ ate ;. and the eleven Casks.of ‘Tobacco will be prov’d, by undeni-
and that the Succefli nyof the Dukedoms of 'Tufcany and Parmais|‘ able and reputable Witnelles,’ to have paid all Duties, as well ss
fecured to Don Carlos Prince of Spain, with a long Addition of Do-|‘ a greater Quantity taken many Months fince, without the leaft -
minions tliereto. —-——-. It'is_alfo faid, that the. Emperor ‘has }‘ Ground imaginable, unlefs the Pique of a worthlefs Fellow againft

rocured an advantdgeous Article in: Favour of the Spaniards who|‘a worthy honeft Man can be cail’d juft Sufpicion, or fufficient
adher’d tohis Intereffin she lace War, when that Monarchy was in |‘ Reafon, forcibly to t-ke away fome hundred Pounds worth: of
Difpure, Sgt tha ey are all to be‘reftered to their Honours and |‘ Goods, great Part.of-which are damaged and loft to the Proprie,
Efftares; which De; ‘ror. - But the: Authors-of thefe Villainies are not like to efca

¢ Step. uins that Prince a great Deal of: Honour. |
There are many otherfhings reporeéd to be fercled by this Treaty, |‘ long wits Impuniry; for the Scene is now opening when it ma
© appear, that thefe Tranfa&tions have been carriéd on merely to

_ put we fhall defer thé Publication of ‘them- till. we have better Au-:
thoritics. =e In the mean Time the Emperor, in-his Letter co the’ ‘ fcreen their own vile PraGices ; far lait Week a Padlock was: put
Czarina, recommends ‘ta her, as fhe would have the Amity fubfift ‘ on the Cuftom-Houfe Door sere, by Order of the Honourable the
betwixt them, not to meddle with rhe Affair of Thorn. |* Commiffioners, on certain Information that fome of the principal

Advices from feveral Parts of Ireland and Great Britain, viz.

‘ Officers of this Port had been concern’d with divers Guernfey Mer-'
‘chants, in defrauding -his Majelty of his Duties on vaft Quantities
‘of Wine, &c. The Manner of carrying on this notorious Trade,
‘ was. by-finall Veffels freighted at Guernfey ; and, ‘tis fuppofed, were
peli by thefe Officers with Perniits, to carry ‘their Wines :to
‘London, as if Dury had been paid, or as being condemn’d Goods
‘ from this Cuftom-Houfe. | pe SO,

From Dublin, Brigadier Munden arrived there from England.—
——John Comer Try‘d and found Guilty-of the Robbery and Murther,
of Councellor Hore. He isto beexecuted this day on St StevensGreen,
‘From Edinburgh, That one Richard Ellis, a Soldier in Major.

‘Hart’s Company, in Col. Kirk’s Regiment,-on Saturday laft.. was.
fentenc'd to receive three Lathes from each:Man of the Regiment,
afd drumm’d out, as unworthy of the King’s. Service, for offering |. , LONDON, May8. —_ |
to difpofe of the Body’ of his Wife: to the Surgeons, to be ana-|; We hear that an extraordinary Engine is lately invented for rai-
tomiz’d, which he would have contra&ed to have delivered, ei-| fing Water, by a Compretfure of Air, at avery eafy Expence ; ic |
ther Dead or Alive; and the Sentence was executed according!y.-—-,| bas been view'd. by. feveral ingenious Artifts, who have approv'd the |

and, it ought, ‘ir will’ ‘prove of great Advantage to rhe
Publick. The Account We fhave of it is,‘that ir will: raife above
200 Tons in- an Hour, and-thereby be Pe
°

Some ‘Tumults and Difturbances have arifen in: thar Ciry, relating | fame,. and, it is t

to the taking of dead’ Bodies out ‘of ‘the Graves to: diffactt';'-info-
much that the Magiftracy have publifhed:an. Order for a Reward! : ble of: fupplying any
of 2ol. Srerling, for the Difcovery--of atiy facl Pradice:; and,.on;| City or. Corporation with Warer.:'It will likewife fufficiently drain
the other Hand, the Corporation of Surgeons have publifh’d an A& [all Sorts of Mines, whether Cozl,' Tir, Lead, or any other, an

to forbid all their Members from being concerned in any fuch'|likewife drain.Marfa Lands, over flow’d with Water, and will b
Work, and further Promifes a Reward of 51. to any who fhall dif-j of particular Service in draining Water out of Ships, extinguithi
over the Perfon or Perfons acceflary ‘to the: railing, or attempting | Fires, fupplying Gentlemens Seats, and on many other Occation
‘to raife the Dead from their Graves. mes Three of the Rioters This remarkable Engine ‘is portable,‘and may be carry'd to
Part of the Kingdom in a common Waggon.  Flis Majefty hd,
ing

have been whipp'd thro’ the City bythe common Hangman, with-| npde |
out any Difturbance. ——— The Earl of Loudon, High Commiffioner, ; been pleas’d to grant his Letters Patents for the fole ma ’
‘5 arrived at Edinburgh from London. -.-- ~~... 5; | vending’ the ‘faid Machine to the Inventors thereof, Mr. Thomas
From York, Laft Sunday 7pight, juft as divine Service was done, ; Nuttall, and Mr. Jofeph Skyrin ; they may be apply’d unto at Mr.
arid the People going out of ene of the Churches of that City, a, Lord’s Office, at'NoJ.: under the King’s-Bench Office in the Inner-
"great Quantity of Stone and Rubbith fell down from the Steeple; | Temple. 2 | |
thro’ the Roof, into the Body of the Church ; ‘but, as it happen’d,; A Court of Admitalty is tobe held on the 26th Inftant, for the
did no other Damage'than breaking down fome of the Pews—-—=-~ |. Tryal of Pyrates’ 2 '
Three young Ladies ‘of Pleafure were; laft Week, ordered. by the| Our Merchants have Advice, that the Princefs of Portugal, Cap-
pious agiftrates to be whips out'of the different Gates of that .tain Gorlfrey, bound from Madera to Jamaica, was lately taken by a
City; but the Nature of’ the Crimie!'was fuch, that they mer. with Spanith Guard del Cofta, alias ‘Pyrate, near the Tfland of Hifpaniola. -
as many Friends es ‘SpeG@ators,fo' thar the Executioner durft not ! . We have an Account from Jamaica of the 2d of March. lait, that
rform his Duty. A young Tradcfman of the.fame'City waited , Sprigg the Pyrate hath been again at the Bay of -Honduras, and ta-
*svithout the Gate, with a Horfe and-Sérvant, and carry‘d off one | ken 16 Sail, of whom he deftroy’d one ;’ that his Confort Shipton,
of them, and, tis faid,’‘all rhree are come for London ; if it be fo, | who commanded a large Sloop of 12:'Guns and 7o Men, was caft a~
I may venture to fay, it. is fending ‘Coals to Newcaftle..... =... | way on the Florida Shore, where the Indians took them all except
From Gxnford near Uxbridge, "That feven-Children of Captain Ru: | Shipten and 12 more, who efcap’d in a Canoe : The Indians eat 16
ert Brown's (the eldeft 14, the younger g Years eld)‘ wére inocu- | of them, . and the reft. they ‘carry’d to Havana: that the : Diamond
ated three Weeks apo- (by: the Directian‘of Dr. ‘Thorald, , noted.| Man of ‘War hath taken the 'Pyrate Canoe, with 4 Negroes, and one
.. Phyfician) for the Smal!-Pox, and have al] done well, withour,one j, white Man,.and about 3000], but Shipton and thereft again efeap'd.
_. bad Symptom thré"'the whole! Progtefs.of che Diftemper. sop tA. They write. from, hode-Tilind; Feb. 5. "Thar a Ship, in her
From Glonce fier, ‘That fince thé Affizes thére, four Men and a Wo- ‘Paffage from Jamaica to the Bay, ‘was taken by a Pyrate, who too
man have béen committed to the Caftle thete, two for the Highway, j out the Mafter.and Mate, and put 4 of their own Men aboard to na-
one for Musder, and the reft for Felonies. . oes .

.o--)ot). P ¥igate her ; ‘but 2 of them happening to be involuntary Pyrates, they
From Norwich, That‘ on Monday: laf Alderman Fromantle, was

.
‘

joyn'd: the True-Men, kill’d the other two, and brought in the Ship.

chofen Mayor of that City; ed Fae “The, Common-Council' of “London, ‘before the: Negative. tak
“Frorh Maidfone, .That'a Man. was committed laf Saturday. to the | place, has thought fit to advance the:Salariés of Joba Lingard Bf

Goal in’ that Town, for the Murdex of one Mitchell, at-the Sun |Common-Serjeant, to 2001. per “Anm jand each of the Judges,
 the Earl o

“4
_é
roa

e Sheriffs Court, William Lightfoot, Efq;. and Simon. Urlin, Efq;

to 100 |. per Ann. and order’d, that the Expenee of rho Law-Sute

going on, concerning the Right of Patronage of the Church.of
St. Margaret’s Pattyns, fhall be defray’d out of ‘the Chamber of
“Thurfday about Oné in’ the Afternoon commenced the Tryal of
} Macclesfield in the Houfe of Lords, which “us thought

will hold feveral Days. His Lordfhip fits upon a: Szool juft within

the Bar, uncovered, and without his Robes; but all the ochcr Lords

Gt in their Robes and in their due Places. ,
We hear that John Weft, Etg; Member of Parliament, and one
of his Majefty’s: Council ac Law, will fucceed che Lord Vitcount

+

- Jp Middleton in the Chancellorfhip of Ireland.
}

Honours a. d Premotions. ‘His Majefty has conferr’d the Honaur of
Knighthood on Conrad Joachim Sprengel, a Piayfician.— The Rev.
Mr. Andrew. Trebeck is prefenied to the Reory of St. George's,
the new Church near Hanover-Square, by his Majefty. The
Rev. Mr. Woodford is made Treaturer of the Cathedral Church of

" Wells, by Dr. Hooper, Bifhop of that Diocefs, in the Room of Dr.

Ibbot, decenfed. The Rev. Mr. Wyat is nominated by the Ear)
ot Nottingham, Head-Matter of Felitead-Schoo! in Effex.
Rev. Mr. Goodridge is Prefented to Broad-Hempfon, in Devon.
The Rev. Mr. Suckling is made Prebendary of Wettminfter, in the
room of Dr Ibbot deceas’d-——Capr. Garlington is appointed to Com-
mand the Kingfale of 40 Guns; and Capt. Heardman the Rofe of
20, Guns, two of His Majefty’s Ships.

A new Commiflion of the Peace 1s pafs’d the Seals for Wiltthire.
Cafualties. A poor Man cut his Throat at a Vittualling-Houfle in
ore-Street, while they went for a Pinc of Beer for him.--~-An anci-
ent blind Woman was thrown down by aCart, which broke both her
Leys; the next Day they were cutoff, and two Days after the dy'd.---
A Man fell off.a Lighter in the Night-time, at'Tower-Wharl, and
was drown'd. | :
 %p-Morrow there will be tevo Charity Sermons preached at the United Pa-
vifo Church of St. Olaveafewry, and St. Martin's Ironmonger-Lane, fer
the Benefit of the Charity Children belonging to St. Olave-Yewry aforefaid ;
that in the Morning by the Reverend Mr. Wheatly, Lecturer of St. Leonard
Shored t b, and that in the Afternoon by the Reverend My. Nicolfon, Letturer
of St. Sepulchres. - oe

ADVERTISEMENTS, .
HE Perfon who advertifes him@lf for a; Companion for a Gentleman, is defired to
T fenda Line to Mr. Mift in Carter-Lane, where a Letter may be direéted to him.
. To be SOLD ; -
HIVE and twenty Couple of choice Harriers: Enquire of Mr. William Watkins
FE at the Sun Tavern near York-Buildings in the Strand. .

TOLEN or ftray’d April the 26th, out of the Grounds of Mr. James Goodwin,
- Brewer, in Kings La ly Hertfordfhire, a dappled grey Gelding, abont feven
Years old, branded on both his fore Hoofs, with J. G. about fourteen Hands high,
blind on the farther Eye, and greafy heel’d onthe near Legbehind. Whoever brings
the faid Horfe to Mr. Terrill at the Maidenhead-Inn in St. Giles’s in thé Fields, or to
Mr. Goodwin a‘orefaid, shall have 10s. Reward and reafonable Charges, .
: ) uft publithed, ,
«,* A Collection of Sermons by Mr. Jeremy Collyer, and are ready to be deli-
vered to the Subftribers, by Mr. Bowyer, Printer, in ite Fryars; and by Mr.
Smith at the Bell, the Corner of Lamb’s-Conduit-Paffage, in Red-Lion-Street,
Where may be had, The Author's Ecclefiaftical Hiftory, and the Appendix to
Morery’s Dictionary. . . . ke
This Day is publifhe

_#*.* The TRANSACTIONS of the feveral COURTS of EUROPE, in the
Month of February. Printed in French and Englifh in Columns, oppofite to each
other, whereby Englifh Gentlemen asare learning French will infenfibly arrive
at a competent Knowledge in that Language, and Foreigners who underftand ‘French
wijleafily make Eng!ith familiar to them. To be continued Monthly. Price 1s. 64d.
Printed for J. Roberrs in Warwick-Lane. N, B. The Month of Match isin the Prefs,
‘and will be publithed in a fhort ‘Time. - _
No. 10. (for the Month of March) of a Work intituled, |

.

uf publith _.
*.* MODERN HISTORY, ov, the Prefent State of all Nations, deftribing

their refpeéctive Situations, Perfons, Habits, Buildings, Manners, Lawsand Cuftoms,
Religion and Policy, Arts and Sciences, Trade, Manufactures and Husband y, Plante,
Animals. and Minerals. - :By Mr: Salmon; N, B. ‘This Pamphlet -contains the pre-
fent State of Java, and particularly of: Batavia, and the Dutch Settlements in the
Eaft-Indies 3 it concludes the Deftription of the Oriental and Sunda Iflinds, - and
‘fhews, that the Accounts’ we have received of certain Nations of Canibals. or Man:
#aters, are generally, if not always fabulous, and probably the, Product of' a fruitful
Anvention. Printed for James Crokatt,. at the Golden Key nearthe Inner ’‘Temple-
Gate, in Fleet-Street, and fold Graves in St. James’s-Street, J. fon near

by é:
‘St. James’s-Honfe, C. Rivington in St, Paul's Church-Yard, J. Brotherton at the Bi-
; ble) and J. Clark | ia Cornhill.’ J. Bro , at the perf

under the Royal-Exchange in. Co

. Of whom may behad all the preceding Numbers, and |
_Juft -publithed,.. beautifully: printed, for Ufe of Schools, as alfo Gentlemen

who. are defirous of. acquiring .t 1¢ French Lan A Tranflation of the firft Num-

‘ber of Modern Hiftory. Tobe continued Monthly. Price one Shilling. Sold by the

abovefaid Bookfellers, and likewife by Mr. Vaillant'in the Strand, and Mr: Wood-

be
,
—<,

St. James’ss. of the Hugonots, &¢.. at St. Arine Soho. As fi

-with great Exact

. ws
Fy :

be SOLD, 7 a
HE gual A ivawfons ae Rectories of gard Vaf ,
Guttbert, nexz Door to SeanhopeCoust; Chaniag-Croft ee Mee

aa ___ Ju pobliihcd, the Second Edition; ’ at! 7 4
a," A VIEW of LONOON and WESTMINSTER of, The ‘TOWN-S BF 3:
Containing a diverting Account of the Humours of the Halt-Pay Officers, and'ciat-
Guards, &-. at Se. Mangarct’s in Weftminfter , of the Quality, und theif Serv, a
at Sf. Giles sia the- Fields; witha Defcyiptien of that Pari and (tury Lane!
markible Practices of the. [rith Society. of Forcune-Huntets at St, Pat's Cow
Garden, :¢commended ta all the Boarding chocls, &c. in Gredt Britain, -Praste
of the . onpany of Upholders at St. lary ie Savoy. Of ths Lawycts at St, 'Ceme
Danes, and St. Dunftan’s in the Weft. Of the Ladies ac St. Anitrew’s Hajbont
OF the ivtercers of Ludgatc Parith, and the Weckly Journalifts 0° Black-Fryare,,
gether with the different Cuftoins, -&c. of the Inhabitants’ of moft of the’ Pariyy
in London.. The preéne State of Cuckoldon, ant 4 Character of the City Wives,
Bya2 FOREIGNER. Sold by JT”. Warmer, at the Black Boy i areas Rai n

g- 7D ty te PBdaes abo

and by the Bookféllers ef London and Weitmiofter. Pri¢e one Shih

bated wee
*,

; . Tie Sel taree ere
INCTU!A MIRIFICA: Cr,. the miraculous ‘Tjnéture for. the Soa. and. ,;
Gravel, a few Drops of which momentarily takes off the mciexrrutiacing Paise
either in the Reins or Bladders, and certainly prevents their \ erar 4. Foti abhor jy
lutely cures that Diftemper_in @ wonderful sianner,, inftantl vremeves: all Unseste
nfs of Difficulty in making Water, heals all Excoriations, and even Ulesrs of fa
urinary Paffages, telaxes the Ureters, fo that finall Stones, together with, Gravel -.
and all mucous, flimy, obftructing Matter, may pafs-freely from the Kidneys tojbe
voided vifibly with Urine, w.thout Pain, cHectyally cleanfes -hozh the: Reins-and .
Bladder from, all Impurities, entirely prevents the Stone in thoff thet are trontled

with the Gravel only, a“uredly. diffolves all large Stones poffibleto be dif! ved. .
likewile brings all thofe Parts and Paflages to their due Tone and. ote it ee and :
festly to free the Patient: from:all th: fevere Symptoms and, mi&tgble FE; a

that torturing Difeaf:: ’Tis the fafelt Meditine in the World, and nant difagreta-
ble to take ; the very firft Dofe of it abfotutely cnres the moft dread“ul F:t of either
Stone or Gravel, in a Minute, giving fuch wonderfat-Relief and pertésr Eafe, a8 i$ z
indeed very furprifing. Ts tobe bad only at Mr. Rad‘ord’s Toyth. pz ‘at tha ole.
and Crown againft St. Clement’s Chureh-Yard in the Strand, near “Strest«
End, at 3s. 6d. a Bottle, with Directions. ' | ee
AMOUS Drons for HYPOCOND* IAC MELANCHOLY : Which effoalfy
. enre.on the Spot, by rectifying the Stomach and Bipod,: cleanfing cher toall c
Impurities, and giving a new Turh to their Ferment, attenuating all vifeons vénd> x
cious Hermsurs (which make the Head heavy, clog rhe Spivits, contite, phe’ nd,
and cauf: the deepeft Melancholy, with direfat Views and back ReteStion:)“conare
ting the Brain arid Nerves, compofing the hurled Thoughts, and int: oduciiseteteh
lively Ideas and vieafant Brisknefs, inftead of difmal Apprchenfiens‘ana dark 9
brance of the Soul, ferting the Intelleztuals at ! iberty to act with Courage
ty, and fteady Chearfulnefs, and caufing a vifible diffafive Joy to teigh in thew
of unesfy Doubts, Fears, &c. for which they may be truly efteemed infatlibRe TP,

s. 6d. a Bottle, with Direions. Sold only at W. Bells, Book&
; eysand Bible in Cornhill, near the Koval Exchange: ’ av? a the Cros
Againt the VENEREAL DISEASE. = (-7°..%

THE famous Italian BOLU S has fo great Succefs in the Cure of the Venereat
T ifeafs, that not one of the great Numbers that daily také it -mifs of a perfast
Cure; anid tho’ {0 very cheap as 28 6d, each, yet fonr Roluftis-never. tail to
out and carry off the moft malignant, virn'‘ent, and obfinate kind of the venereal.
eafe, without Confinement, or making yonr Cafe knowa. to any 3. which; :if iv Gils to
do, the Money is return’d:- This great Medicine likewife deftroys Mercury,artcare
ries it out of the Body,.and thereby relieves thofe untortunate Petfons who have
falien into bad Hands in former Cures. [sto be had‘ only at-the Flaming. Swotd the
Corner of Ruffel-Street, over-gainft Will’s Coffee-Houle, Covent-Garden ¢ and if fold;
at any other Placeis Counteeit. rr Cnn
HEN (¥ COX, living next Dx to the Siga of the. Faicon, -a-
ee againft the Vine Tavern in Holborn, having, by a great Cold.
which fell into my Eyes, loft my Sight, infomtch that.L. did nee
a ver expect I fhould ever be brought to he again, bat Hapnily w
adviféd ‘to make Ufe of Mrs Cater, who, not only at firft Sight, to. my no Graft
Com ‘ort, told me I was curable, and alfo did, under God, verform the fame in as fhote
a'Time as could-be expeSted ; and this I do for no other Intent but for:the Gooi-ang.
Benefit of thof who may meet with the like Affliction: The faid Mrs. Cates fii lives
in Caftle-Court, Birchin-Lane, at the Sign of the Hand.andEye. .. \
Note, She cures without any In nt ; and fhe infallibly cures the Agne, Weh-
out the leaft Grain of Cortex, or that they eall the Jefnits Bark. Price five Ailes
the Vial. No Letters received except Poft paid. 7 eae:
Fiecuatian Mirabile: Or, the Admirable EleQuary; which infallibly cures all
| Degrees and Symptoms of the Secret Diftaf, with more Eafé, Soeed and Safe.
ty, than any Medicine yet publith’d ; any old Running, &c. though of feveral Years
ftanding, whether occafion’d by an over-firain, Weaknefs of the Serhinals, or the Kee
lidts of a former Infection, Ag certainly curd In a fhort Time, without a Minute’s
Confinement; Sufpicion, or the US of A ftringents 5 being a Medicine fo wonderfaliy
pleafant and eafy in its-‘Operation, that the niceft Palate, or weakeft Conftitutian,
may take it with Delight: Two Pots are generally fiffcient to; compleat 'd, Gate if

t yee ry wa

*

molt Cafes.. ‘To be had only of the Author Dr.Cam, a Graduate Phyfician,: wie bas
publith’d it 20 Years; and is conftantly to be advis'd with at his Hout at. the-Golden
and Lamp, in Church-Yard in Cheapfide, at half a Gusnea the Pot: “:*. |

INCTURA NERVOSA CAR DIACA, or the Cordial Tin ture for the Netves,
kL being an approved, experienced and never-failing Medicament in finkiitg; lan-
guiffun , and lowne& of Spirits, Palpitation, or Trembling of the Hart, in at’ ata-
tick, foporofe and convulfive Diftempers, and in .all Afflistions of the Head and —
Nerves ; it infallibly prevents the bad Effects of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which
occafions in moft People the above-mentioned Diforders (with marly more, Which-you'll
fee at large in the printed Book of Direétions) but. yet by taking a few Rips of, this
mioft: nt delicate Cordial, in the firft Dith of Coffee or Tea, you thay they nk
at Liberty ; for this great Medicine penetrates through the whole‘nérvous
and fo recrnits the Rrain and Praecordia with a full Indux of exulting: Soifi

- -

rm the Bufine& of vital Function with frefh Alacrity, and new -B

nefs 3 more€over,: it wonde |

Thonghts, Fwatchin s of the L nes; eontied

that the Pulfe, whioh lay feeble and wavering, now fallsa beating vigaréilly:’ 4
rfall r difperies Pow bs ! y
Sleep, and all: the ditinalt

egs and Arms,

Train of Vaponrs and Melancholy. It likewife ftops Vomitin off: Najiftotit '
nef, procuresa good Appetite, andis now-in ar em anna Qu: f the’
firfe Rank, Sold only at G. Strahan’s, Book(feller,, at the Golden Ballin Cédriilll, “ee
Ver-egaingt the Royal Rxchange, gud at no other Plact “Prica ga 605 6 TT uh:
tH a ag cw &fan a a aren °
 2 ’ * . * én ote . . - r | ‘ ° .
a é q . ai ‘ ‘ F . a
. 4 ~ . : .
+ 4 =. ; + .
saris 4 ce 20 a ay ait. -
=

”~

*,* The Antiquities of aay a Lay fied Fall the Lesrned and Re d AVING ‘recebed th f }
: e following Letter from Fri Pa.
Reruard dé vent caneans - forie. ce in 1698 and'$9 ; tranflated Feveins . veur of one of the nobleft Medicines in che Wetid TP dedre jou ae yin F it
nein adonitd n with, Cates, with { everal A dditions comnminicated to the for bys Benefit of Mankind, having my felf likewife, and many of ny A dainta at
alban. the Anton cars E the ena without Temple- Bar. . experienced its fovereign Vertues, It is certainly the mcft efk état Cure for
. shake ‘e om tot Wi NS cy poblihad Cae Cholick, expelling ed iam ba of oe Body, and ail Se a and
Shakes rapa ne +) a Nos ras,“ ynder's Reports; | twoVoh - ‘grpoding nmours, Bealing the Bowels, and_reftorinp. the Coats of the Stomsch ¢ |
gd Ht » B. This, ° *y Collection | of curious — fx proper Tone by remeving all crude and indige ed Matter, creating Ap tite.
anna plea Mr PO ‘s tio “Vol. and caufing new Health and Vigour. It likewife prevents the Gout from cata int
= cout Yoy yage found the World, bya i. Mahomeranifn | exp lained, to the Head or Stomach. Now firft made publick, and in the Hands of a ear Re
e never ‘fail'd before, with Cutts. "rom the Spaniih ‘Manufcript: by Mi Mr lation of the Doétor who firft prepared it, Pind called, THE ROYAL CORDIAL,

Mi. Hiftory of the Revolutzons i in S
to the Acceffion of. K. Lewis I. fi Ave kiolt xxiii. i eohwa Sheets of Holingthed’s

in anes “‘Hiftory of his ‘own Times -- s ae Art of -Husband
Ve Monaiticum Hibernicum ; of, the Mo- ... two Mort Ya
— MaGical Hift. of Ireland, with Cutts. xgv. AV oh sand ieloie's Letvere
vi.- Sainton’s: Chroriolog. rian ‘Tela-. xxyj. Cibber’s Plays:2 Vol, Royal P.
ae 1. Affairs. yh Grove ;. OF Collection .of original
west kK. Charles I..and ©
» re lazing to Ship Mo- - xi “Def lier's aetbares of Expe-

viii. Sir Simon Dewis's Journals of Q, xxl sade "four thn chroug The whole Iflind of
Eliz. Parliaments. Gregt Britain.

jx. Madok’s Formutare Angticanum s or xxx. Scyivener’s Guide, two Vol.
Golleét. of ancient Deeds and Charters: xxxi. Brown’s. Practice of the Court-of
x.!Pliny’s Epifties and Panegyrick tranil. Exchequer.
_by several ds, two Vol. xxxil.. Lutwyche's Re rts, Eng.

2i: Bradley's: new: Improvements of xxxili. Mr. John O Oldham's, Warks, two
Planting and Garderling compteat in Vol
brie Vo md. , Ovid Metamorpafis, : Eng. two

sil, ~Works of Nature, fine Cutts.

Bibi. nwne-. Tranflation of of “Agricola of wh * Momntfort’ 3 Plays, two Vol.
turban’, with fine Cia XXKVIe Fal of Surrey, and Sir Tho.

TINCTURE. Sold only by Mr. V.G. *Toythop, in St. Paul’s
at the Maker's, at the Green f.amp in Swallow-Street, Pickadilly, oversee the
Sadlers sine with printed Directions how to weit, at 38. 6d. each Bottle,

Ww ‘7 RE you now prefent at my Writing this, you would be furpriz’
Change {fo fhort a Time has made, from that lifhing Condition ta ae
} you Lift faw me, which [ know not what to attribute to (under God) ‘but the Ute of
that noble Cordial you was pleated to recommend to me. I had not nfed it fix Tintes
till I found my felf perfetly at Eafe, and. am now quite free from thofe racking *
Pains, which made Life a Burthen tome, and almoft reftor'd te, to my former Strength
sate which to one fo far gone, 1s next toa Miracle, I have recommended
it to a a riends here, feveral of whom hive taken it with great Succefs, for vio-
lent Fits of the Cholick and Painsin the Heid and Stomach. I think it is great
Pitty fo fovereign a Medecine fhould be kept from the’Publick : I defire you to make —
what Ufe you pleafe of this, and acknowledge my felf, SIR,
Cambridge, April 7, 1725. Yours, &e..

*,* The Reafoning of Chrift and tis A pot Apofice’ in Defence of
0
dered ; in feven Sermons preached at Hackney, in the Months of biRianity, con and
ecemb tT 1724 4.70 7, and prefx's, a Fteface taking Notice fee of thte fa falfé Reprefea-
y. of the es oning: in a Book:
intitul:d, The Groonds and Reaf eafons of Chriftian Religion. a x Phones * B

pate ecads ceulen Wryat’s Poems. - M. A. and Chaplain to the Ri ght Reverend the Lord Bitho of Norw res
aN; Plante, Two B of fu : xxv Fleury’s Ecciefiaft. Hitt. a the Requeft of the Gentlemen of Hackney. Printed foe R rich, Pu a ihe!
erate ners xs Kaley. ; xml Works of F. Osborn, Efq;. two Bithop’s ani seth. St. Paul’s @hurch-Yard. Alfo his Sermon preached at Norwich on
mi on’s Chymif Sse
Croxall’s Ae fop's Fal s Fables. 7d. ‘Keil Introdudtio ad Aftrono-| \YWOUNG Mr. Effex, who dane’d at the Theatre in Drury-Lan
| zi So a Spellman s Works and Y Jaft Friday 7-Night, to improve himfelf in Dancing. PY EANCs ene ta,

ReWAInS, nai Land Purchafer’s Companion.
nig. Levine s Reports and Entri¢s, two = xii. ‘Lawstelating to the Highways, ~

xiii:
: of: hom may be: ‘had alfo, A compleat Sett of Votes of the Honourable Houfe
=

rica) Effa ana tis Day is pabiien' f Englands wherei the Ori
@# Anhifto on tive Power. o Eng s wherein rigin
of es An i "Parliament, thelrancient Conftitution, and the Changes that have
ha in the ; srfons that compoted them, with the Oceafions thereof, are rela
, ‘a chrono ogieal Ord Things co Eng
rhe Pek the Laws sof Zeta a and the. feudal Law are occafionally ill linftra-
ted and WOGDWAR A EY Ceara St. Amand of the Inger,Temp e, Efq; Rens for

HE deft Water in the World, fo call’d by thofe who have experienced
¢
‘5 fo forthe Itch, or any itching Humours. y It hath been taken rienced it to be ,
King’s-Evil. It-is good to cure fore Byes, or any other Sores, Ulcers,. or Fiftulass
it has preferved feveral from having their Limbs cut off, when all other Means have
the D Sold by the Perfon that makes it, at the Sign of the Green Canifter next te
the Do and Bear Inn at London Wall near Little Moregate; who is the Ori
A Perfon that can make it. Sold by Mr. Gouge at the Caftle in Weftmin-
fer Ha Mr. Radford’s Tayfhop at the Rofe and Crown over-againft St, Clément’s
, ureh-Yard in the Strand near Arundel-ftreet, Mr. Raw’s at at tbe, North Entrance
‘of the Royal-Exchange, over-againft Bartholomew-Lane, Mr Stewart Bowyer;
Bookfeller, under A gates charch ov over-againft the Minories, Mr. an, Bruthmaker
in St.Mary Ax. N.B, It hasnoS Price 1s. 6d. each Bottle, with printed
Dire@tions how to ufe it. Wesel is fold elfewhere cannot be depended on, being coun

THO. W at: the Half-Moon ovtr-againft St. Dupftan’s Church in
terfeited,

Fleet-Strees, und fold by J. STAGG in We Webtminfter fter-Hall,

1. A Colleétion of Debates of the Houfe fe of Sommans, in the Seat ef relating
ro r Bill of Enciiifion ¢ of the Duke of York. Containing the
ute, Sir ip Henny Ga Sir Fr. Jenkins Sie Ral. i cague. Etat Henry Booth,-
Gilb Gerray Sie Lion Jenkins Sis he. Player 2 Si Sit R. Ric Graham, sn
aniel Finc ugh Bofcawen Trenchar 3
wit am a Eden elas Sir R er Hl sit iam ones, Sit Aochan Mafon, Lau-
spice Hide, Bee Ek: Col. L Lege, Edw. Deer! Efq; Col. Birch, with many niore , and
tlie Membe fi that "Houle. To which is added, the tes
of the Hout of Cea nons affembled at Oxford, Mareh 2, 1610. ‘ As alfo an Intro-
duction, fhewing the Progref of Popery, from the Reformation to the he prefent Time.
wees A A compleat at Sct of Bibliotheca Literaria 5 containing a Collection of Inftrip-
ertations,
ey 1 ‘The. er titto of the a ancient and modern se of the Principality of Wales, | S
yor corte oa aries Cer Po On
r. Higden’s View and Lefence of the En 10
v Be of Ireland’ 's being bound by At of Parliament in England, ftated by
William Mollyneux of Dublin, Efq;
'd, by Thomas Crouch at the Bell in Pater-Nofter-Row, near Cheap-
Newly pubuin a, by fide, the fourth Edition of
sd sun Englifh Heru; or, Sir Fran¢is Drake revived. Being a full Aecount of
the s, Adventures and ‘Atchievements of that renowned Gommander. As, I
His Voy ba a 15725 to. Nombre de Dios in the Weft-Indies, where they {awa Pile of of

Bars feventy Foot long, ten broad, and twélve Foo
nd si ve che rear a Bin two Years and ten Months, gaining a vait.

Gold hole word tl STR Voyage into America, in 1585, and

F and Silver

Quantity “Of St. Jago, St. Domingo, Carthagena,. and St. Au ipuftine. LV. His
Voyage into thefé Countrics in 1595. With his Death and Burial, Revifed, corrected
enlarg=4 By R.B. Price one Shilling.

A veti Dove and Golden Ball “in Salisbury-Court, Fleet-ftreet, li-
or

Juft publifhed new-Editions of the following Books. -
N-Account of the PLACE where the Nightingal Swallow,
Cuckow, Fieldfare, Woodcock, and flier” Birds gle, Sx

and oelide, when Abfent from us, (AY Curious Treatife.) c the

the Weaknels, and Secret Patient's DIARIES. Being

cach a wa Bradtical lS GLEE rom Day 1 to y walt a Perfon has the
Secret Dittak, | or a GL. or Rheumatifin up-
guthem. ‘Thefe Boo weal GIVEN aaa Up One Pair of
at. the Celebrate i Anodyne NECKL E, Reco
by 2 Dr. Chamberlen ‘for Childsen’s Teeth without Temp fe Rar Rt Mr. Jeremiah

ain’s Toythop in Pope’s Head-Ally in ‘Cornhill, right "over-againft the Royal-Ex-
Sone Squne a by R. Bradihaw (the Author’s Servant) againft Sutton-Street End“ by

OLAPIOM ASTHMATICOM, or the Afthmatick Julep, which is known" by
xperience to be never-failing Medicine in old obftinate Afthma’s,
many ie Ca tite Fit it puts off ina Moment ; it gives a perfect Relief i in. ftrain-
ing laborious ughs, that are unmercifiully troublefome Night and Morning ;~’tis a
excellent remes for Shortnefs of Breath upon any Motion, and in’ Breathing
with Difficuity ghtnefs of the Breaft, with HoarfenefS and Wheezing. WNoethi
excceds thi Yenirable ju for tor by open! ing, the Brouchial Ducts and Penumomi
it penettates in ecefiés of the a ‘and there meeting with
tongh, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Phiegm, fo attenuates, ‘ moves and wotks it,
thar by co coughing and pitting it expectorates. and throws up all ar auch ‘Matter with the
teft Kate and Pleature, Shereby cleanfing and freeing the Breaft and Lungs, whem
fi up and clogged with a heavy Load, and fo p velit Confumptions, Ulcers of
Lungs, &c. Note, itis isa fafe and pleafane Medicine ; to be taken by Spoonfuls,
acconing to the printed Directions, without the leaft. Confinement, or Danger of
eatching Cold. Td be had-at Mr. George Strahan’s at the-Goldem Ball over- -againgt
the Royal-Exchange, Cornhill, and at no-ether Place. Price 25% 6d, — i

T the HUNGARY WATER WAREHOUSE, at the Black ©

~ A Boy and Comb, 2 Comb-Makers, the Cerner of Bell-Savage-Inn

Fon Ludgate-Hill, is fold right prene Hun ngery Water, in large half —

| Pint flint Bottles, being t the farne Sort fold att the faid Place feveral

Years paft, or rather better, being a frefh P and diftingui ithes it

§ felt eet pernicious counterfeit Sort fold oboe the Town 5 firft,
MAGA | by its fine Flavour; fecondly, by its, tnrning Water as white as

aH AMS) and if you-fet a Spoonful on Fire with 4 lighted Paper, it will burn

whereas the counterfeit Sort has none of thefe Qualitics, by reafon the Mate-

rials in France.are much bdetter than in thefe Northern Climates: Moreover, the true.

French is always | che fame Place, and fio where elf ; and the Counterfeit is firft put

but as foon asit is found out, tie Me and fold av arother,

th 2 Genticwoman that pr the moft excellent Cofm
sitifiers yet known, as that moft noble Preparation of Fearl,
with a paiticular beautifying Finid, both which ufed by Ladies of the
a srt Quality; thcy, with Sarprize, | take away Rees Pimp ey
“ Rowghiel, Worms, Morphew, ‘curt, Sun-burn, F
ee les. Pits of the Small-Pox, with 0 Defitements of:- the §
aarti, Likewife fhe prepares a fine Ital tian Cream oe eehe Face och ad
Ww -plumps and fmooths the Skin to Admisaticn ; the Nuns aes Waive Pots,
nd ower- treet Pots, with an Faft-India Chinefe Red Liquor, none having the
ant Tver herfelf:. It ‘gives a moft natural.and lafting Blufh, that nd Perfon can di-
nih een on th the Fare and not to be rubb’d off. -Alfo to be had, the red Crown
aa afc, or aks for for the Face, or Hands, and all other Cofimeticks -for-
ockle.

N.B. She hasa ch chymical Liquor. which alters red-or
fof $ ny ra dirk Browo: —

we ae at
dvertifement, of 2 Pi cel arrived fidps Montpelier,
% Ni B. Beware of Connterfeits, a ma om vee

“LONDON: “Printed by’ N. MIST, ig Great-Carter-Lagt; -
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 8 May 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786050/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 