“
~
-_ wag tte ee

- Me ABO Re gto Na *htea, st 8

~MIST's WEEKLY JOURNAL

SATURDAY, JULY 2, 1725. ee

rater, by Intereft got themfelves admitted, and | together incredible, or if true, it certainly ouglic
thought ic Honour enough to ftrut with an empty jto be alter’d. |
Name, wirhout any Merit. . But that Knights did eat even long before théré
_ .By thefe Means they foon became the Scorn] were Knights of the Bath, is certain from the(d
and Ridicule of all Ranks of Men, and, atlength,} Verfes. .
by their vicious Lives, they grew to be a Nui- "Tis faid, that Arthur wore in Half.
‘fance ; fo that the World growing weary of them, Round Table like a Farrhingal, .
thefe Orders of Knighthood were abolifh’d all On which, with Shirt pull’d ouc behind,
over Europe; I fay all, except that of Malta, which}; = And eke before, the goed Knights din'd. -
ftill remains in Credit, becaufe they a& up to]  Thofe who wou'd be more particularly inform'd of
their firtt Inftitution. . this Order, may read Mr. Anttis’s Book bere quotes
Thus all Orders of Knighthood were originally | or, A new DiGionary of Heraldry, lately publified 3
military, or partly military, partly religious. ——} °
‘That this Knighthood of the Bath is fo, Mr. An-
ftis has well made out ; nay, the Tenor of the
Oath they've taken, proves to be fo, for they’ve
fworn to defend our holy Religton, to prove diftrefs'd
Virgins, Widows and Orphans, from all Manner of Vio-
lence and Oppreffion; and.that they will, all of
them, religioufly, keep this Oath, I make 18 Man-
ner of Doubt. Draw his Neck fo {mooth and round;
I have already explain’d, from Mr. Anfiis, the Litrle Neck, wich Ribbons bound
allegorical Meaning of every Part of the. Drefs And the mu/cly fwelling Breaff, -
of thefe Knights, except the réd Ribbon crofs the Where the Loves and Graces reff
Shoulder, which I can find no Mention of, in any And the f{preading even Back, ,
of the ancient Writers upon thefe myfterious Af- Soft and fleck, atid glofly Black.
fairs—esee~Mr. Anfis fays, ‘ That inthe former]  § And the Tail thar gently twines
© Ages of Gallantry, Knights oblig’d themfelves, Like the Tendrils of the Vines, .
fhould have Occafion fur his Service. © by Vows to perform certain Feats cf Arms; and, And the filky twifted Hair ?
So that there being always a fufficient Num-j}* asa vifible Teft of theis Prowefs and Refolution, Shadowing thick the velvet Ear
ber of Equites or Knights in the City, there need-|* made Choice of fome particular Enfign, a Brace- Velvet Ears, which hanging low. ;
_ed_aply_a Review; and, wpon any Exigency,|* let about the Arm, or Chain about the Leg, or O’er the Yeiny Temples flow. ,
they were ready to march forth ‘for the Défence|* fome other Device of like 7fature, firft tied on With a proper Light and Stiada
of the Publick. a | | ‘ with great Ceremony, by the Hands of fome Let the Winding Hoop be laid “t
As our Kaights made a Proceffion at their In-|* beauriful Lady, and worn asa Signal of a And within that arching Pow'r
ftalment, it feems to be borrowed from the an-|‘ Challenge to all Perfons, term’d in the Lan- (Sucred Circle, myftick Pow’r)
_cient Cuftom of the Rovian Knights, who once a|* guage of that Time, an Emprife—as upon the In a downy Shumber-Place,
Year, at the Probatio, (that is, when the Cenfor|« Performance of that Vow, the fame was alfo ca- Happieft of cite Spaniel Race,
made an Enquiry into their Lives and Behavi-|« ken off by a Lady, and probably the Word 2y- While the foft perfpiring Dame
our) were wont to make a felemn Sacrifice ;|¢ terprize may owe its Original to this PraGice. ” Glowing with the ft freft Flame,
from. which they rid as returning from Battle, be-} But to fhew that this was particularly pra@iced On the ravith’d Fav’rite Powers
ing babited in the Toge Palmate and the Trabee,|among the Knights of the, Bath———~ * Upton, a Balmy Déws, Ambrofial Showr’e:
and crown’d with Wreathes of Olive ; the Pro-|* Writer of great Reputation and Authority in. — With thy utmoft Skill éxpréfs
ceflion beginning at the Temple of Mars, pafling |< Affairs relating co Heraldry, recites the Method Nature in her richeft Drefs,
thro’ all the eminent Parts of the City, particu- |‘ of creating Knights by bathing, and givesa De- Limped Révers {moothly flowing,
larly thro’ the Forum, and the Temple of Gaffor |‘ {cription of a white Enfign (stigma) which he Orchards by rhofe Riters blowine
and Pollux, every Knight bearing about him thofe |‘ faid the new created. Knight was to wear, till Curling Woddbine, Myrtle Shade.”
-Gifts.or Ornaments he had received from his Ge- |* he fhould perform fome gallant Exploit. ——In And the gay enamel’d Mead;
neral, as the Reward of his Valour in fome , He I :
Batrle. | =
. After that the Princes of Esrope had embrac'd
the Chriftian Religion, an Alliance was form’d
amoneft them, for making War upon -the Infi-
‘dels, in Order to recover from them the Holy
aALand, which Alliance was call’d the Holy. League:
Then divers Orders of Knighthood were efta-| whenever they perform any notable Feat of Arms 3
blith’d,.as Kujghts of Ferufalem, Kuights. Templars, | or if a Lady, by a gentle Violence, fhould pluck it
Kniebts of Rhodes, and, at this. Day, Knights of |off, it muft be worn no more, a!
Malta. ———Nv Perfon wasadmitted-into any off But perhaps there maybe new Regulations
thefe Orders, unlefs he was .a Pexfon of honour-| made in thefe Heraldick Affairs, for Ceremonials
able Defcent ; nor was fufficient, unlefs- he had|have been frequently alter’d “in Things ‘of this
- given foing Proofs of -his Valour againft the com: |'Kirid-— As it {eems reafonable it ‘fhou'd.in that
.mon Enemy in the Wars : ‘Therefore all thefé |.Part which relates to eating,——for Mr. Anftis
"Orders.were. at firft held in moft hdnourable E;| tells us,. that ‘formerly the Knights of the Bath
-fteem ; -bur it was their Misfortune to. fubfift: he-|.were not té eat anymore than a'Bridé on. her
_yond their Reputation ; for when there were no | Wedding Day, and he affurés us, fuch was the
more Wars, thefe Orders of Knighthood ‘ftill re- | Modefty of thofe Times, that Brides né¥er eat
yain’d, and they. were. fill:d wich the.moft.worth-/ on their Wedding. Days.—_~ I fuppole, he means,
lefs and infignificant of Men; who, from-« foolifhi| they Shou'd not, eat, on. the Day ‘of their Inifal-
Manity, being:tond of. the Neme.of-Knights, when| rent, but as it Mabds, ir is doubtful whether
there was nothing tobe dene to/fugpert the Chg-| they ever eat atallor no, which isa Matter al<}

=~ PON the Revival of the Order

« of Knights of the Bath, I had the
Curiofiry of looking into fome
4 Books of Heraldry, a Study df
wizee. creat Confeqtence to Mankind,
Ware Sefigning thereby to inform my
felf in che Rife and Original of Knighthood.

I find that among the ancient Greeks and Ro-
_mans, tho’ there was no Heralds Office, yet there
were Knights, who were held in great Efteem ;

_ their Original among the Romans was as old as
Romulus. . —_
 Teisfaid, that Romsius having eftablifh’d the
: Senate, chofe three hundred of the ftoufeft young
Men of the moft noble Fainilies, to ferve on’
Horfeback ; and after the Inftitution of the Cen-
fus, or Survey of the People, by Servius Tullius,
all thofe Perfons had the Honour of being ad-
mitted into the Order of the Equites, who were
worth four hundred sefertia ; yet no Man was
. thus enroll’d by the Kings and Confuls, or after-
wards by the Cenfors, unlefs, befides the Eftare re-
quir’d, no Exception could be taken againft his
Perfon or Morals: If thefe were unexception-
able, his Name was enter’d among the Eguites or
Knights, and a Horfe and a Ring given him at
the publick Charge ; .he-being oblig’d to appear
for the furure on Horfeback, ‘as often as the Stare

-

“The following Poem was fént us from Ireland.
APOEM upon Roter, a Lady’s Spaniel:
| Fy Apeiet of the Spaniél Race;
Painter, with thy Colours grace,
Draw his Forehead large and high
Draw his blue and humid Eye,

Where the Linneté fit and fing
‘Little Sportlings of the Spring,
Where the Breathing Fie/d and Gyivg
: Sooth the Heart and kindle Love ;
Here for me and for the Mufe
Colours of Refeinblance chute;
Make of Linzameits divine
Dapply Female spaniels fhine;
Pretty Fondlings of the Fair, “oy
Gentle Damfels, genti: cafe;
Bat to one alone impart —
All the Flatr’ry of thy Art,
crowd each nares one each Grice,
ch compleat the DESP’RA'T ES
Let the foorted wanton Dame B FACE;
Feel 4 new fefifle(s Flanie;
Let the happieft of his Race
in the Fair to his Embrace ;
Bae in Shade the reft conceal,
Nor to Sigtit theit Joys reveal;
fi thé Péncit and'thie Mufe  _
Loofe Defipés and Thoughts infu/es
Pike Two Pénéé,j

© Cafe no Lady before that Time, or when no
‘ Opportunity of fignalizipg his Prowefs might.
‘ intervene, fhould by a gentle Violation pluck off
‘ that Badge of Probation from him. ”

Whether the red Ribbon be fubftituted in the
Place of this Budge or Stigma, I cannot take upon
me to determine, if fo, they are to lay it afide

 FOREIGN AFFAIRS.
_ ‘They write from Drefden, that King Auguftus
has given Notice to the foreign Minifters, that

"He is about to leave his German Dominions for fome

time, in order to vifit Poland, whither, they tell
~ us, he has been prefs’d by feveral Grandees of his
Party, his Prefente there (as they are pleas’d to
compliment him) being extreamly neceflary for
_ the Publick Good. He has fignified to thefe
'. Mimifters, that he wou'd be glad to be attended
~ by them to Warfaw, but it is thought, that many
of them will continue at Drefden, being perfua-
ded that the King wil] remain no longer jn Poland
than while he is doing his own Bufinefs. — _

‘We are advifed from Rome, that ¢he Mifin-
derffandings betwixt the Courts of France and
Spain, jis in a fair Way of being accommodated
' by the Mediation of certain Perfons refiding there,
‘there having been fome Expreffes fent backward

and. forward to Paris and Madrid; their Anfwers

Deing favourable for that Parpofe. | |

.From Paris we underftand, that the King has

alter’d his Proxy for his Marriage, having now

appointed thé young Duke of Orleans to perform
thar’ Ceremony for him, who is to fet out for

Weiffembergh about the 2oth of July, New Stile,
together with Mademotfelle Clermont, and all
the Ladies and Officers who are to form the Re-
tinue of thar. Princefs. — The young Queen
Dowager of Spain, with her Sifter Mademoilelle
Beaujulois, are arrived at Paris. |

On the 16th paft, the young Prince, Son of the
Hereditary
in the Kingdom of Naples,’ after an Inefs of 3
' Days: His'Corpfe was embalm'd, and fentto Mo-
- denato be interr’d there.

» Laft Thirfday-7night, his Majefty King George,
fer out for Pyrmont, to ufe for 15 Days the Mi-
neral ‘Waicrs of that Place ; and after his Return
to Hergnhaufen, he will recive a Vifit from the
King and Queen of Pruffia.—His Great Huntfman
is raifed to the Dignity of a Count of the Empire.

The King of France’s‘Return from Chantilly to
Verfailles, is “fix’d for the 8th of next Month ;
his Majefty will ftay fome Days there, and then
fet out for Fontainebleau, to meet his Queen,
whither a great Quantity of rich Furnitare has
been fent within a few Days paft.

From Dublin, That a Deferter belonging to a
Cameronian Regiment was brought out to be fhot
on Oxmantown-Green, but pardon'd by the Lord
Carteret, at the Interceflion of a Lady of Quality.
‘Three Hundred Pounds worth of T'ea
feiz’d at an Inn. The Lord Carteret’s Lady
is ill of a violent Cold.—————- Sunday night,
Dr. Burfcough,. who went over Chaplain to the
Lord Lieutenant, was confecrated Bifhop of Lj-
merick by the Lord Primate.

From Ediagburgh, That a Fire broke out in that
City, which burnt from Nine in the Evening «ll
Four next Morning, but by the Vigilancy of the
Lord Provoft, Magittrates, &e. only 6 or 7 Sto-
_ ytes of one Houfe were confum'd. —— His Maje-

fty’s Ship Rofe is failed for the North of Scot-

jand, to be aGifting in difarming the Highlanders,
purfuant to the A& of Parliament.
From.Glafgow, 'That a Tumult has happen’d
there on Account of levying the Malt Tax, on the
‘esd and 24th paft: The Mob tore down the Infide
- of Mr. Daniel Campbell’s Houfe, and took away
"all his Cath, Notes, and other Papers; two Com-
panies of Foot being in Town, attack’d them, and
 kill’d 5 Meri and 1 Woman, which however,
were fo furioufly affaulted in their Turns by the
Populace,

“own, making a running Right all the way. Ge-

Py

gpral Wade bas ordér'd fome Forees thither under College, has

the Command of Colonel James Cam bell ='The

Prince of Modena, dy’d at Reggio, ;

that the faid Companies were obliged] noble Family ; and that
to retreat, .and at laft were quite drove eut of| reward him for it after an extraordinary Manner.

of’ Books, .aml 500 Guineas, for erefting a Li-
brary at Aberdeen * for which that Univerfity,
as a Teftimony of their Gratitude, have made him
a Doctor of Laws, and accordingly fent his Di-~
ploma to London. He has alfo given 5001]. ta
the Society for propagating the Gofpel in fo-
reign Parts, ee
Laft Wednefday the Judges Commiffions: for
the Circuits pais'd the Seals; feveral of their |
Lordfhips will fer out next Week ; "That for Nor-
folk has been deferr’d for a Week longer.

Countefs of Aberdeen dy'd in Childbed. |
From Neweafile, That on Wednefday Night,
June 23. A Cole-Pit, belonging to an Alderman
of that 'Town,: fuddenly fired, and by the. Blatt
15 Men were killed, and 4 very much wounded.
"Tis faid likewife, that 1g Horfes were deftroy’d by it,
but in what manner the Letters do not ‘mention.
From Norwich, ‘That Daniel Fromantel was
fworr in Mayor of that City on Tuefday 22d patt.
———-—-<Sir Robert Walpole, Horace Walpole,
Efq; and Galfridus Walpole, Efq; are arrived at} On Thurfday was held a Chapter by the Offi- ,
Houghton, and Sir John Hobart at his Seat atjcers of Arms, viz. Kings, Heraldsand Purfuivants.
Blickling, where the former Gentlemen fpent one| John Parker, Efq; of Boringdon in Devon, is
Evening very merrily. | married to the 2d Daughter of the Earl Ponlet-—
_From Cheffer, That the Lord Malpas is come to] On Thurfday next the Lady Grace, Firfroy. is to be
his Seat in that County. : married to Mr. Vane. .
_ From Peterborough, 'That Mr. Cropley’s Horfe] The Patent of Knox Ward, Efq; as Clarencienx
won the zol. Plare. Mr. How's Blue-Cap the|King of Arms, pafs’dthe Great Seal on Thurfday.
gol. Plate. Mr. Stanhope’s Stripling the 101.| ‘There having been lately many Outrages com-
late, and Ld. Craven’s Badger the Ladies, whith] mitted by the Guards de la Coaft in the Weft-In-
alfo won the Plate at Stamford fome Weeks fince.|dies, we hear the Merchants ef Briftol and of
From Leicefer, $une 30. One of our fair Cor-| London trading thither have refolv‘d to lay a true
refpondents, poor Injmriana, writes to us in the | State of that Affair before their Excellencies the
following manner, That Mr. -——b C——-k, of | Lords Juttices, to. get a Stop put to thofe PraGices,
that Place, has rais’d himfelf by Trading in ajthat the Trade to Jamaica may not-be render’d
few Years, from a Trifle, to be worth 35654.) 4s precarious as in a ‘Time of War. |
145.°74, half Penny, including the Parrot, Coun-|___Laft Wednefday the Seflions began. at the Old
ters, Shelves, long Wig, and the Plan of Parrot-| Baily, where a great Number of Prifoners were
Hall: and after much Inconftancy to the Fair|try'd for feveral Offences, and one Woman con-
Sex, has at laft married the Relif& of ang Mr.|{ vided of a capital Crime, viz. Elizabeth Roberts,
wal—qw, with an immenfe Fortune, on which| 4lias Boftock, for the Murther of Richard Bo-
his Quondams wifh him as much Happinefs as|ftock, a Paftry Cook in Swithin’s-Lane, whom fhe
ought to be due to the falfe and perfidious Fop- | ftabb’d between the Ribs with aCafe Knife. Capt.
pling. a | Bilfton found guilty of Manflaughter. .
"From strefd in Kent, That two Boys going in-| Laft Sunday, at the requeft of feveral eminent
to the Water to wath a Horfe, were bothdrowned.| Perfons, a Sermon was preach’d, with univerfal
From‘Maidfon, That one-Thomas Belt, from] Approbation, by a celebrated Preacher in Town,
Mereworth, was committed to the Goal there,| in Behalf of the poor Hay-makers, before a very
for a Robbery on the Highway, on the Informati-
on of Ifaac Smith, a-Prifoner for Horfe-ftealing ;
fince which the faid Smith atremared to hang
himfelf, from a Remorfe, they fay, of having
falfly accufed Beft'; however he is now fecured
in the Hold, and the Labour referv'd for the
Executioner._—_-—— Several Perfons from the
Old Mint have been committed to that Goal for
Robberies. a
From Richmond, That the Weather prov'd very
unacceptgble at the Races there, except the laft
Day: . Shuttleworth’s Mare won the King’s
Plate, and Mr. Fletcher’s Horfe the Subfcripti-

on Maney.
LONDON, July 3.

Tyefday Night the Houfe of one Mrs, Fell, a
Tripe Woman in Field-Lane was broke open by
a Rogue that fermerly lived in her Service ; the
Noife he made awaken’d her then Servant that
lay below Stairs, whom he thought prefently to
have difpatch’d ; but the Fellow prov’d a Bite
upon the Houfe-preaker, for he, in atcempting to
cut his p'd the Knife up too high ;

confiderable Audience from all Parts. A worthy
Member of the Common-Council offer’d ro be one
of the Collestors, (fome other Parifhes that fame
Day having a&ted according to the Intention of
this, made publick before) but the Col!e&ion was
prevented by the firft Church-warden of the Pa-
rifh, one Wharton, a Taylor, in Chancery-lane.

There istately pafs‘d an, Order by the Court of
Chancery forthe BenefirandSecurity of the Suitors,

The Bifops of St. Afaph and Gloucefter, fet out
for their refpeftive Diocefes laft Monday.

Yefterday. Alexander Rob, the Pyrate, was
hang’d at Execution-Dock.

The Stratham, of 430 Tuns, and the Francis,
(the Commander of the laft, Captain Newsham,
dy’d in the Voyage, and was fucceeded by Capt.
Hinton) from Eaft-India, are arriv’d in the
Downs ; the latter ran afhore laft Sunday, it be-
ing hazey Weather, a Mile Weftward.of-Dover
Pier, and with much Difficulty got off again, fhe
having four Foot Water in the Hold.

The Sufanna, Captain Eaton, belonging to
Hull, homeward bound from Alicant, ran-afhore
between St. Lucar and Cadiz.

ADVERTISEMENTS.
This Day is publifh’d

hroat, clap
fo thar after he had given hima Wound, it came

between his Teeth, where the poor Fellow held
Strength

it fo faft, that the Rogue, with all the - |
he had, could not.get it from thence ; and after thee Ladys Aniwer to Mr. Ambrofé Philips's Poem to
fome ftruggling, .was obliged to yield himfelf a Three blue Beans in a bine Bladder,

: er,

Rattle Bladder, rattle .
Printed at Dublin, and Reprinted at London, for T. War-
ner in Pater-Nofter-Row. Price four Pence.

AY 10, 1725. Leftin a Hackney-Coach, between five
M and fixin the Evening, that took a Fare at Mile-End,
and fet them down in Ayliffe-Street in Goodman’s-Fields,
two fhort Scarlet Cloaks, one a Cloth, the other.a Camblet,
Whoever briny to Mr. Ward’s Toyfho ainft the

Prifoner; He was, the next Day, committed to
New-Prifon. |

We hear that the gregt Suit in Chancery fo
long depending between a noble Earl and his
Brother, about the Fay ie hath been, , at Ci
Jaft, accommodated by Mr. Morgan, his Lord- rings : hop, @&
thip’s Sollicitor, to the entire Satis action of that Rogal-Exchange Cornbil fhall haves oat o Reward, and

his Lordship jntends to] ftop them.

To be fold :
, elLaYy t Much-Had ham, in Her
Mr. Frazer, formerly Secretary of Chelfea ANouinne Ba guire af Air; Appl Chamters

r; Appl eby gt his’

made a Donation of ¢ greg Number j Lincoln’s-Ian.
 =

his Day is-publifh'd, beautifully printed ofa fuperfine Paper
Ts Yne'SACRED CLASSICS defended and iltuftrated
‘Or, An Effay humbly offer’d towards proving the Purit
Propriety and true Eioquence of the Writers of the NE
TESTAMENT. In two Parts In the firft of which thofe
divine Writers are vindicated againft the Charge of barba-

rous Language, falfe Greek, and Solecifins. In the fecond is
fhewn, that all the Excellencies of STYLE, and fublime

Beauties of Language and genuine “Eloquence do abound in
the facred Writers of the New Teftament.. With an Ac-
coumt of their Style and Character, and a Reprefentation of.
their Superiority, in feveral Inftances to the beft Clafficks af;
Greece and Rome. By A. BLACK WALL, M.A. Printed
for C. Rivington at the Bible and Crown in St. Paul's Church-
Yard, and

: Cantrell, Bookfeller in Derby...
Alfo this Day is publifhed, the third Edition of

Mr. BLACK WALL's Introduction to the Clafficks; con-
taining a fhort Difcourfe on their Excellencies ; and Directi-
ons how to ftudy them to Advantage; with an Effay on the
Nature and Ufe of thofe emphatical and beautiful Figures
which give Strength and Ornament to Writing.

This Day is publithed, Te
. *,* Every Man mind his own Bufinef&, or private Pique
no publick Precedents, being an Anfwer to a late {curri-
lour Pamphlet, intituled, Every Bodies Bufinefé is‘no Bodies
Bufinefs ; written by an old pevith trading J---ce, whofe fal
Reatoning is here expofed, the Cruelty afters and Mi-
ftreffes exemplified, and the Hardthips of Servitude’ fet in a
true Light ; in a Letter to A---M, Efg; By Catherine Comb-
bruth, Lady’s Woman. ---- Habet & Mufea Splenem: Sold
by the Bookfellers of London and Weftminfter. Price-éd.

Lately publifhed, with his Majefty’s Royal Licences,

*.* The three firft Volumes of Mr. Pope’s Homer's -O-
dyfiey, in large and fmall Pap2r Folio, and in Twelves with
Cuts. The large Paper Folio at 7s. per Volume, the fmall
Paper Folio at ros. per Volume, and the Twelves at 2s, per
Volume in Quire . Thofe who have not compleated their
lliad printed on Royal Paper gto. may have the latter ‘Vo-
lumes to compleat them. And. thofe who fub{cribed for the
Tliad printed on large Paper di Folio, and fince, by Miftake,
have fubfcribed for the Odyfley in gto. may have the large
Paper Folio Odyfiey in Exchange for their 4to. to compleat
their Iliad. Printed for Bernard Lintot, at the Crofs-Keys
between the Teinple Gates Fleet-ftreet.

Yor the Benefit of thofe who are aTi¢ted with the DROPSY.
Mes Elizabeth Knell, of Middle-Street, Cloath-Fair, (aext
. Door to the Baker and- Basket) near Weftfinithfield,
continues to perform extraordinary Cures in the DROPSY, fe-
| veral of which have been advertifedin this, and other News-
apers. 7 a
|. B, This excellent Remedy is only to be had at the Place
aforefaid, where an Accqunt is prea of fevera} remarkable
Cures, on both Sexes, Young and Old, .
THIS isto give Notice tq all Perfons that are indebted
upon the Books, or otherwife, of Mr. John Mullart,
late 6F Clerkenwell-Green, Apothecary, deceafed. Unlefs
they pay their refpective Debts in ten Days after the Date

hereof, to Mr. Thomas Wynne, Attorney, in Clerkenwell-!
N. B. This is the laf time of

Clofe, they will be fucd.
advertizing. .
) At Hammerfmith, to be lett or fold, |
Pleafint large Honfe, next abeve the high Bridge, fron-
\. ting the Thames, with Gardens, Stable, Outhoufes, &c.
with a bt ige from the Garden to the Road. Or an Apart-
ment to be lett, furnifhed or unfurnifhed. Enquire at Mr.
Gol let's at Kenfington, near the Gravel-Pite, and know
urther. . |
V y Hereasin mift’s weekly journal, on Saturday t
February 1725, as alfo in other papers of the fame date,
and fince, is advertis’d a powder lately imported, which in
every re pest fully anfwers the uft of Coffee, and there being
a larger demand than was expected, feveral perfons went
without; care will be taken for the furure to prevent the
like, a large parce: being jult arrived excceding fine and good,

which may be tafted at the firft honfe on the left hand in Bell wT: .

one pair of Stairs, where any

N. B. N

Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill
- No lef

un
uantity may be had at 2s. 6 d. ‘per pound.

than one pound is fold; it will anfwer without mixture of.

cofee, and hath been much approved on fince the Advertife-
ment.

This Day is publifh’d, beautifully printed on fine Paper

x,® MARY STUART UEEN OF SCOTS. Being
the Secret HISTCRY of her LIFE, and the real CAU-
SES of all her MISFORTUNES. Containing a Relation
of many particular TRANSACTIONS in HER REIGN.
‘Never yet publifh'’d in any Colleétion _Trranflated from the
French by Mrs. ELIZA. HAYWOOD. _ Printed for D.
Brown, jun. at the Black Swan without Temple-Bar ;. S,
Chapman in Pall-Mall, and J. Woodman in Ruffel-Sreeet,
Covent-Garden. , : oO nF

jut ublifhed, compleat, in five. Volumes, 8yo. _
* ings upon the te-Law, alphabetically digeft-
ed; wherein the moft obfeure and difficuit Points are clea-
red uo and illuftrated by Refolutions and adjudg'd Cafes, tq-
ken from the beft Authorities extafit By a Gentleman of
the Middie-Temple. Printed for D. Browne, at the Black-
Swan; W. Mears, atthe Lamb ; and F. Clay, at the Bible,
, all wit out Temple-Bar ;. and T. Osborn, in Gray’s-Inn. Price
ri. 5 Ss. . . . .
_ Where may behad, jnft publifh’d, the 3d Edition (with large
Additions) of, . :
The CLERGYMAN's LAW 3; or the compieat Incum-
hent.. By W. WATSON, L.L. D. late Dean of Battel, in
one Volume, Folio. Brice 11. x5. rn

he zoth of

. This Day-is

*{* The Tranfactions of the oN

in Columns oppofite toe
defire to nidke themfelves Mafters’ of the French T'o

ake Engliih familiar to them, and at the fame time be-
come acquainted with the Intrigues.and Interefts of the fe-
yeral Princes and States in this Part, af the World.

eo s Pamphlet contdjns, ©
xr, The Refotutiong the Lo 4. An AO al ofthe Act for
teran Council. —— regulating Elections in the

City ‘of London.
gs. Petition of the Loyd Bo-
lingbroke, to be reftored to
his Inheritance.

2. Reflections on the Cantfti-
tution Unigenitus, by Ma-
dam dé Orteans, and the
Order of the French King -

for fiuppreffing them. | 6. The Preliminary Articles
3. The Ffeads of the Charge. of Peace between the Ein-
againfe the’ Earl of Mac- orand Spain.‘
clesfield, and of his Lord- 7. 'The Promotion, Death, and
fhip’s Anfwer and De- Marriages of Berfons of Di-
ence. ion .

. on.
To be continued Monthly. Pricé 1s, 6d.) |
Next Week will be publifh’d, The Tranfactions in May.
_ Printed for J. Roberts in Warwick-Lane. Of whom, may be
‘had the preceeding Months. Co
BRISTOL HOT-WELL WATERS. 2
Refh from the Wells, will be fold at fix Shillings per Do-
_zen, with the Bottles, at.Mr. Richard Briftow’s, Gald-
{fmith, near-Brije-Lahe, Fleet-Stréer; where all Perfons
that have Occafion for the faid Waters,. may- be fully farisfy’d
of their being genuine and pure from their Spring ;. and Care
will be taken fo deliver them well cork’d and glear, ~ -

This Day is publithed, the 2d. Volume (with a compleat In-
dex fo both Voiumes, and a Map of the Roads by: Mr.

oll) . .

*,* A ‘Tour thro’ the whole IMfland of Great Britain, divi-

: ed into Circuits or Journies. Giving a particular and diver-
‘Eing Account of whatever is Curious an worth Obdfervation,
viz.; I. A. Difeription of the principal Cities and Towns,
their Situation, Magnitudt, Government, and Commerce.
‘+ The Cuftoms, Manners, - Speech, as aifq the Exercifes,
Diverfions and Employment of the Peoplé. ILI. The Produce
and Improvement of the Lands, the Trade and’ Manufa-
ctures. I'V. The Sea-Ports and Fortifications, the Courle of
Rivers, and the Inland Navigation. V. The publick Edifices,
Seats, and Palaces of the Nobility and Gentry. With ufe-
{ful Obfervations upon the Whole. Particularly fitted for the
reading of flich as defire to travel over the Iland. By a Gen-
leman, Printed and fold by G, Strahan, in Cornhill; W.
Mears, at fhe fom without Tempte-Bat é R. Francklin
om's vent-Garden ; S. Chapman, and

J. Jackfon, in Rall-Mall, ‘hand J. Stagg, in Wetmintter-Fiall.
Fntlemen yeant to, purchafe large Eftates in Kent, Saf:

X, JViLadie ulrcy, Berks, Bucks, Oxtorithire an

Bedfordthire, with ¥; ic 1 lok &

in 59 Miles of London.----300 1. a Year with'a good Farm,
Fonte and Garden, 40 Mile off.----roo 1, 3 Year within 50
lles of London.--*-An Eftate with a good Houfe and Gar-
dens in Betks.----Gentlemen want to purchafe Places.----Gen-
tlemen want to purchafé Annuities from 301. a Year to
600 1. fecur’d by Land or Houfes, Freehold, or upan long
Leafe.----Large Sums to be lent upon Land Security at low
Intereft.----Sums from roo}. to 10001. to be lent upon Land
or Houfes,--Letters and Pro
to Burton’s Coffee-houfe in Bury-ftreet St. James's, Poft iid.

' >r7HO, Long, Salefinan, remov'd from
-under AldgateChurch-Scioci, the
Corner of Houndflitch, by Aldearc, to
his Warehoufe, the Lyon anf J.amb,
the Corner of Vine Streez, cig ht or ten
Doors down the Minories, <he Right
Ee going from Aldgate. You may haveall
Sree, LOTS of Cloaths ready made ror Men and
Bal Boys, Riding-Hoods,
— ——. _Aiding-habdits, Cloaths, Shalloons, Dru
ets, Fuftians, Sagathies, Duroys and Cambicts, by
Biece, Wholefale ‘or Retail, the loweft Price in ‘ew
N. B. I buy all my Goods with ready Money, and will fell
them fora {mail Profit. © °
W. Rayner, Surgeon, ‘iving at the blue Pofts in Prefton’s
Yard, the lower end of the minories, the name Rayner and
golden Ball hanging over the Gate, near Little Tower Hill.
HA. a. fpeedy and fafe cure for the pox or clap,’ with allits
“1 various fymptoms by his famous chymical drink, being
pleafant in tafte, yet eff ual in curing that dangerous difeafe-
which has been the ruin of hundreds by falling into unskilful
hands. Icure (under God) the moft inveterate pox, in three
weeks at fartheit, as ulcers in the throat, ‘loft palate, finking
of the nofe, phymofis, paraphymofis, fhankers, pocky warts,
buboes, or {welling in any part. If your body be full of ulcers
and fcabs, in a few days I remove all thofe heterogenous par-
ticles, taking away all pains in the head, fhoulders, and thin
bones, {9 that this falubrious liquor reftofes the body to perfect
health. They that have made tryal of it wonder at the cures
it performs. ‘Thofé who have newly got a clap, may entirely
depend on eure by taking two or three dofes of my venereal
pills or polutis, without hindrance of bufinefs
own to the neareft. relation ‘or bedfellow. t thal not ni
many invitations, ‘but rather leave you to make-experience,
which is beyond afl argument. Inaword, let your condition
be never fo bad, diftrnft not, for I promi very fair, no cure no
money. [I doany thingin Surgery. My pil's and boluffes are
ufefnl for fea and land, which I have always ready by me.

rh
LSP of

Note, there’s g light at my door in an evening.

‘Tranfa he feveral Courts of Europe, ta | : Sa

the Month‘of April 1725, printed in “French and Englifh, Settlement in, the Ifland of Providence to the

other, whereby Gentleni¢n who, With the temarkable Actions ‘and Adventures of" the.

fire =mie e,' Female Pyrates, Mary Read, and Anne. Bonny, ‘contained

will infenfibly arrivé‘at a competent Knowledge of that Lan-,in Chapters, treating of the following. Captains and their
age; and Foreigners who underftand French, wilt eafily : nrews, viz. Avery, Ma AS

felf their Head or

arm-Houfes only.-—--400L a Year with- | ¢3)

sto be fent to ?.fr. Spenccly

I snalloons, Drugs

or it being and Lungs, when ftuffed up

Elition of |

RATES, fim their fr
prefenr-"Finie +
two,

: uth publifh'd the «
ee General Hiffors uf the P

.

rtel, Teach, alias Blackbeard, Bon-
net, England, Vane, Xackum, Davis, Rabevts, Antti3, Wor-
ley, Lowther, Low, Evans, Phillips, Sprig, add. Smith, alias
Gow, whe was executed lately.at Execution Dock. Printed.
for t. Warner at the Black-boy in Pater-Nofter-Row. Pr, 53

Ju publithed, (withhis true Effigies prefix'd, and a Copy of
“the Paper defign’d to be de ivefd at the Place of Eyecu-
tion, added) the ftcond Edition of Oe
F 4;* The Life of Jonathin Wild, trom his Pirth to his
Death; containing his Rife and Progrefs in Roguery, his
firft’ Acquaintance with Thieves, by what Artahe mad: utm-
the Governor, his Difcipline over then, his.
Policy and great Cugning. in governing them, ‘the fever al.
Clafles of Thieves under his Command,” in which all his Ia-
trigues, ‘Plots and Artifiees are accounted for and laid ove,
intermix’d with fev diverting Storics By H. D. late Clerk
to Juftice R----. -Printed fo: T. Wamer af the Black-Boy in
Pater-nofter-row. Priceone Shilling, + * 14° -# 7’

This Nay is publifhed, beautifully printed on a fine Paper in
. 8vo, with the Effigies of the QUEEN of SCOTS, curioufly.
engrav'd from an oviginal Picture by Mr. VE aTUE:

*.* The HISTORY of the LIFE and REIGN of MA*+
RY QUEEN of SCOTS and DOWAGER of FRANCE,
colleted from Original Records and Writers of Credic,
Printed for James Woodman and David Lyon in Ruffel-treer.
Covent-Garden, and C. Davis in Hatton-Garden. Price 5's.
N. B. There isafmal] Number printed on Royal Paper for

the Curious.
LeCtuarium Mirabile: Or, the Adngirable. Ble4tuary,
E which infallibly “cures all Degrees and Symptoms of af
Secret Diftafe, with more Eafe, Speed and Safety, than any
Medicine yet publith’d ; ahy old. Ruining, &e. though of fe:
veral Years ftanding, whether occafion’d by an ovér-ftrain,
Weaknefs of the Semiinals, or the Relizts of a former Intecti-
on, iy certainly cur’d in a Mort Time, withovit 2 Minute’s
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Uf of Aftringents ; being q ©
Medicine fo wonderfully pleafant and eafy in its Operation,
that the niveft Palate, or weakett Gonffit tion, may. take ig
with Delight: Two Pots are generally (ifieient ta, gomoleat
a Curein moft Cafes. To be had only of the Author Dr. Cam,
a Gradnate Phyfigian, who has publithed it 20 Years, and is
conftantly to be advis‘’d with at his Houfe at the Golden Ball
and Lamp, in Bow Church-Yard in Cheapfide, at half a Gutines,
€ Pot. PooR

Againt the VENEREAL DISEASE.
THE tamops Italian BOLUS, has fo great Succef in
the Cure of thé Venereal Difeafe, that not one of the
great Numbers that daily take it mits
tho’ foyery cheap ag 3s. 6d. cach, yet four

ofa perieSt Cure; and
owfts never

aul to root out and’ carry off the wnoft malignant, yirulent,
and obftinate kind of the venerial Lifeafe, without Cgnfine-
ment, or making your Cafe known to any; which, if ic fils
todo, the Money is returned. This great Melicine likewife
deftroys Mereury, and carries it out of the Rody, an! thereby
relieves thofe untortunate Perfons who have fallen into bad
Hands in former Cures, Ts to be hal only at--the Flaming
Sword the Corner of Ruffel-Street, ovey-againft Will's Coffe:
Houfe, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at ary otticr Place is Cowie
John Rydings, living at the Plongh

terféit.

I Alezoufe in Scocks-Muirket, having beer
long affiéted with fore F.yes, which pra
. ceeded:rom an ex: raordinary Coid, fo chat
(I was in Danger of lofing my Sight, while f lived in this

World, had I not been advifed to app'y my felf to Mrs. Ca-
ter, atthe Hand-and Eye in Cgftle-Court in Birchia-Line,
who, wnder God, hath made a per‘ec&t Cure in as ‘hort atime
as could be expected, to the Surprize of a!l that knew me;
aid this [ defire may be pmblifhed for the Benefit of thofe
that may have the Mis‘ortyne to wan: the Affiftance of fo ex-

«

«

urd oy | pericnced a Perfon. Given tinder my Hand the rsth of June
Words, } 172 ° ,

728. ; | ohn Rydings,
Nate, She cures withont any Inftrument ; and the in‘allibly

cures the Ague, without the leaft Grain of Cortex, or that
they c2i the.Jefuits Bark. Price five Shillings the Via. No’
Letters received except Paft paid. ee
ts
‘} lep, which is known by may Years Experience to be a qe
ver failing Medicine in old obft
Fi uts _pertect Relieb.
in ftraining laborious Coughs, that are unthergitully trouble-
fome Night and Morning; *tisa moft excellent Remedy fot
Difficulty, Straightnef$ of the B oarfenefs
Wheezing. Nothing exoceds this admirable julep, for by“ om
ing thé Brouchial Ducts and Penamonick Paffages ; it penne
trates in the inmoft Re and there meeting
with tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy uates.
divides, moves and works it, that by coughing and fpitting, i¢
Eafe and“Pleafure; thereby cleanfing and freeing the Breaft
od up and clogged with a heayy Load, ang
fo prevents Confumptions, Ulce the Lyngs,’&c. Note,
by Spoontyls,

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick

ili é inate Afthma’s, whofe ff
cating Fit ic putsoff in a Moment; it gives a
Shortnefs of Breath upon any Motion, and in Breathing with

cefies of the Lungs,
hiegm, fo atten
expecforates and throws up all fiich Matter with the
It isa fafe and pleafant Medicine ; to be ‘
leaft Confine-"

according to the printed Direstions, withogt Fhe

ment, or Danger of catching Cold. To behedat Mr. Georgé
Strahan’s at the Golden-Ball over-againtt the Texsteage;
Cornhill, and at no other Place. “Brigg 25: 5%" ee oe Bb,
 WRIGH T's Diwretick, or cleanfing Tingture.
W Hich urinally difeharges ali the forces or putrid relicks of
. the Lues Alamode, or Venercal Intection, and canfes.
ts Concommitants, the wretched ‘Train of that complicated
iftemper, asa mucous, filthy, fanious Matter todg‘d in the
Reins, or fpermatick Parts, which either caufe.a thurpnefsir
the Usine, or tod frequently provokesit. This Relick iz
difroverable, partly by the flibfequent Symptoms, viz. by z
Debility or Weaknefs of the Back, a fretid natfeous, and
.averting Smell of the Urine, with a purulent Matter, or
fecuient Sordes, . refiding at the Bottom, or flying in it, with
Variety of Figures. Farther, this ‘Tincture efpecially carries”
off all Relicks of the Veneseal Difeafe, after ili managed
Cures, not only cleanfing the Urinary Paffages of all Sand,
Gravel, Films, ‘or membraneous Pellicles, &c. but after a
fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftoring them, and
all their genital Parts, to their original Tone and Ufe, though
the Mistortune and Decay be of the longeft Date, with an e-
qual Succef$ in es ch Sex. To be had tor 105. per Bottle, with
Lirections for its Ufe, only at his Houfe, the Golden Hea¢
and two Lamps in Beil-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill.
8 Ge T the HUNGARY WATER WARE-
i a HOUSE, at the Blask Boy and Comb,
| a Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage-
1 Inn on Ludgate-Hill, is fold right French
Hungary Water, being the fame Sort fold
‘feveral Years paft, and is eafily diftinguifhed
, | from the pernicious counterfeit Sort fold a-
mammeey bout :the Town, pretended, to be imported
fron. | er, &c, Likewife the following foreign Com-
modities are fold at-the fame Place, viz. ;
. Right French Hungary Water, at 1s. 3d. the Half-Pint
-ottile.
_ Fine Florence Oil, at :s. per Flask.
Right Trifh Ufquebangi, at 2s. the Halt-pint Bottle.
Fine Or:nge-Slower Water, at 1s 64. per Flask.
All Sorts o° Legit ra and Bermuda Hatts for Ladies.
N. B. There is 2 Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Flask, to
prevent Counterfeits. : 7
An in-allible % emedy for broken winded Horfés,
‘Hat heth been publifhed and fold for many years before
any counteriuits in other forms a»peared; and highly
| Commended from one friend to another; the vaft quantities
that have been fold, doth alfo verify the truz; of its efficacy
and virzues, which moft perfectly cures them, after many
things premifed have been ineffectual, to a wonder, in 2
fmall time, without confinement, by attenuating and open-
ing the globules of the lungs dried up, and all flages ob-
ft: usted by humours dripping thereon, occafioned by hard ri-
ding, colas, &c. It caufes prefently a free perspiration, re»
newing its force, vigour and length, as wellas ever; thofe
only a litele touch’d it cures immediately, as alfo all coughs,
coles, wheefings, &c. being alfo excellent In preventing ma-

. _, This Day is publith’d _ ro; 4 >” Advertifement to all thofe who ufe Sheet-Lead.
_ *,* A Treatie concerning the (perations of-the Holy [* 4s agteed by all, if we Plumbers could caft Lead exactly
Spnit, Part’ 2d. Coniaining Diicor upon Divine Sub- } i equal tothe thinneft Part ofthe Sheet, it would be better
cers, relating to Divine Guiace; viz. Regencration, Saving {and more durable than to be thicker in one Place than in ano-
Kaitn, Gofpei Ho.inefs and Fervency in Prayer. By Henry {ther, fo that the Excefs of Thicknefs is not only an unecefiary
Sveptin, ivi. A. Recior of Rickinghall in Suffolk. Printed | Charge paid tor, but it makes the Sheet worft, by its ftronger
tor Jon.h Bowyer, at the oft in St. Paul's Church-Yard, | refifting the Sun:Beams, which falling alike on all Places,
Where may be had, the reft of that Author's Pieces: And | draws up the thinner Parts, when the itronger ftays behind,
likewafe a Differtation on reading the Clafficks, and forming j and ‘eaufes that coekling and crackling thereon, and is ccr-
a juft Stile. Written inthe Year 1709, and addrefs’d to the ; tainly fo much worft by what it varics from an Equality ;
Right Honourable John Lord Roos, the prefent Duke of | whereas if Milied Lead be butas thick as the thinneft Part
Kucland. By Henry Felton, D. D. Principal of Edmund ! of a Caft Sheet, befides.its Beauty and Smoothnefs, the Equa-
Hall, Oxford. The 3d Edition correfted, 1725. And juft , lity and Solidity is futtcient to prove it much better than Caft
publithed, the 3d Edition of Mr. Trapp's Duties of private | Leads befides, there are Crack-b.ow Holcs, and Sand Holes
and publick Devotion; with Directions for leading a holy ‘ in Caft Lead, that often happen, and lie concealed with the
Lite, 1725. Price 3d. or 20s. per Hundred. Shect, Not appearing on the Superficies. ‘The general Ufc the
This Diy is publith'd, by the Rev. Mz, Fenton, dedicated | ['eai° vir his Majefty’s Royal Navy afd Yanis, and Green:
a ATranflation of Monficur John La Piacetes Trea- | Wica Hofpital; all the fity new Churches th t have been
302%. D3 built are covered with. Mill’d Lead, the Honourable Com-
tife of the Deah of th: Righteous, in fix Books. Book I. The 0 = sre not admitting 4 Profoiat of Cat. It-would be
true, Notion ofa good Death e.iquired into, and ftated. Book endlete te nO ont wi ‘a £ Topo Mild L aa i we efed
Il. Of the Preparations which are to be made for Death du- ores io Bee nae | aa Gentry. as likewile on common
ring our Health. Book FIJI. Of the Preparations which are Buil Mings. & t Notes [ehe Fi trys a Kew Cn elon
to be made for Death in the time of our Sicknes. Book IV. g/ OIE, AC. ote; Jenn ancient a Build: Swaio Hl é
Of the Duties incumbent on thofe who perecive Death 2 thew ane f. James's urch yi ne ul ngs, Math | |
proaching. Book V. ‘The Duties of converted Simers, whe "7'ha7 a0 entire to himfelf, an felleth his Mil.'d
have ftil: fome time to live, after having- made their Peace q nich ones per than ocners, as any nS lan fend: or
with God. Book VI. The Duties of thofe who dic of a vio- feaking it atid. The Si ey. from tour Pou am ”
Jent Death; in two Vols. rzmo. Printe: for Bernard Lintot fa f fully zat . or nine oor Sat our Found to rye
at the Crofs-Keys between the Temple Gates Fleet-ftreet. | Ht, gre aoe caft an Incr thick! ond five Foot wide «
Jufc publifhed, the fecond Edition, corrected, of | Tei oP* where abo own free f h ing
ee C lows . | It ts deliver:d any where about Town rom Charge, having
¥j* Ancw Theory of CONSUMPTIONS: More efpeci- a Cart for that Purpofe: They alfo make Mould Water Pip-s,
ally of a, phthifis, or confumption o’the lungs: wherein after afrer a new Method, of all Sorts andexchange for Pig Lead
a brief hifcory of the diftem;er, its various fymp:oms through- oy old Lead. - , ae ?
out its feveraldegrees, aadevery minute {tep it takes, from | The Great Reftorative,
its firfc invading the patient, to its final termination, enqui- , . ) ar ,
accounted inexplicable canfe of that difeafe, fo very epid2mick 5, what Degree feever advanced, or of ever fo long ftandi
to this Nation, and generally fatal to thofe it feizes on. 2. fpeedily ahd infallibly cu red,’ [> as never to return mB»
With an account of the great number of medicines, and ja? eoene compound Medicament, chymically prepare ran?
various methods of cure recommended for confumptions, and 45. cHoicee Anti-fiyftericks in the whole Art of Chymiftry :
the diferent opinions of authorsconcerning them. Al:o the py; Medicine having cured Tloufands of Men and Women.
pofibility of healing ulcers in the tungs affeited, the {trongefe ’ of Melanchol ite I may be on fora perfect
objections againfcit anfwer'd, anda different and more pro- | Cure: it Aribes immediately at the firt Canfe of this Diftem-
babic method of cure advane’d, than commonly pra-tisid. | and entirely deftroys it Root end Branch, rectifying that
Likewife directins about eating, drinking, fleeping, exercife, | eiited Ferment’ in rhe Stomath, whieh is nerally the firft
and way of living in general, proper for confumptive perfons. nj chief Gaule, and thereby ciises Indiecttion purifies the
By Benjamin Maitin, M.D, Frinted for R. Knaplock, at ‘Byood and Spi 2 r the Brain’and Nerves, eliars
the Bifhop’s Head in St. Paul’s Church Yard; W.Bellatthe the whole Frame ftovs Vomiting, clears the Head fron) eonfu-
de Luce againft St. Dunitan’s Church in Fleet Street, and C. ings of the" s-or Legs vores Palpitation or Tremblin of
King at the Judge’s Head in Weft.ninfcer Hall. Price 3s. 6d. Yeart., and indeed ali ether the many and various Symp-
: 3 e

UNE the-réth, r72z5, ftray’n orftolen from Wick-Creen,! toms tht a this prievoweDi for take away n her difemvcers, bv..inaintaining, preferving and conti-
J near Ofterly-Houfe, Mi dees a black Gelding, full a- ! Caufe and the Effect will ceafe. Sold 43. 6d the Bott'e, nving a good breath’; :nd, ina word, by this medicine alone,
about 13 Hands and a hal on Puddle-Bock-Hill, near Ludgate-Streat, | many Horfes have teen made fo perfectly found, and have

. !. whieh being broken winded couldnot

been fold fo Tie
betore be fold for 3 or 4. is fold at Mr. Lockton’s toyfhop-at

the Griffin, the corner of bucklersbury in the poultry, ag 4s.
6d, the quart bottle, with directions,

Ax the Dove and Golden Ball in Salisbury-
t

ged high, with a fmall' Star | att
lately fired on the fore near Leg, a whwk Tail, and a fmall | at the Golden c.
whitc Spot on the Off Side his Sheath; and alfo a bay Gel-
ding, full aged, about 14 Hands and Inch high, has all his
Paces, a fmall Star and a Sn P one of lis Knees formerly
broke, and has been latety hor'd in the Off Shoulder, and not
yet well, a fwitch Tail, never dock’d, and carries it very high,
has no Hair on his Huckle Bones, and a little hot in his
Feet : Whoever will give Notice tc Mr. Charles Headon at
Ifeworth Coffee-Houie, or.to Mr. Parker at the Red-Lyon
in New Erentford, fo that they may be had again, fhail have
a Guinea Reward, or nalf a Guinea for either of them, and
reafonable Charges. ,
a STP Spring or jointed Truffes for the Cure of
Ruptures, eafy to ncw born Infants, and effe-
eSiual to the Aged; alfo Spring Trifles without
Steel Circumference, of an entire new Invention,
extraordinary eafy as well as ufeful; alfo Bag Traf-
fes for fix’d Tumo:s, Perfons in the Country fen-
. ding their Bignefs, and which Side the Rupture is,
may be fupplied with the ‘Truffes and: proper Dire-
étions, By Peter- Bartlett, at the Golden-Ball in St. Paul's
Charch-Yard, Cheapfide, London, who alfo makes divers Inftru-
ments to help the Weak and Lame. ,
His Mother, Mrs. M. Bartlet, at the Golden-Ball over-
ngainft St. Bride’s-Lane, in Fleet-Street, is skilful in this Buf-

nef; to her own Sex. Her Steel Spring rafts for Ruptures at
ya : a

AN infallible Core for the STONE and GRAVEL, whe-
ther. if the.reins or bla@der, by an incomparable chymi-
cal liquor, which in the moft racking. fits givesinftant cafe,
and vertectly frees the patient from all pains in the back, and
thofe pains fo much like thecholick, dilates-the ureters
makes them flippery, that final {tones and gravel may pafs
fromthe reins to be voided vifibly with urine, without pain ;
cleanfes the kidneys, bladder, and all the urinary paflages
from flimy. calculous matter, ceitainly takes off all heat,
‘pain and froppage of urine, and-abfolutely breaks and diffolves
all large ftones .(poffible to. be diffolved) whether in the
kidneys or bladder, fo. as entirely.to cute the diftemper s
affuredly prevents the ftone in thofe that are troubled only
with gravel, and for all diforders of the reins and bladder,
cannot: be paraliel'd. Is-fold only at Jacob's Coffee-houfe
againft the Angel and Crown Tavern in Threadneedle Street,
behind the -Koyal-Exchange, at 3s. 6d. a bottle, wi

Directions. ey
; The Princely LOTION
HICH beautitiesthe Fate; Neck, and Flands to the ut-
y- moft Perfestion, and is in the greateft Efteem amongft
Larties, &c, of the firft Quality :_| No Words cin fuficiently
exprefs:its Virtues; for it is hot Paint to put a falfe and un-
natural Glofs on the Skin, but a true Remedy, that by its

Court, Flect-ftreet, liveth a Gentlewoman
at prepares the moft excellent Cofmetick or

paration of’ Pearl, with a particular team
wim, ing Fluid, both which ufed by Ladies of the
RSL firtt Quality; they, with Surprize, take away
qmeaeem Kednels, Pimp es, Roughnels, Worms, Mor-
hew, :curf, Sun-burn, -Freckics, Wrinkles, Pits of the
Smal{-Pox, with other Defilements of the Skin. Likewife
fhe. prepares a fine Italian Cream tor the Face, Neck, am
nds, which plumps and fmooths the Skin to Admitation 3
the Nuns White-Pots, and Tower-Street Pots, with an Eaft-
India Chinefe Red Liquor, none haying the Secret but her- -
felf: It gives a meft natural and lafting Bluth, that no Perfon
can diftinguith when on the Face, and not to be rmbb’d off
Alfo to be had, the red. Crown Cakes, White-Pafte, or Cakes
for the Face, or Hands, andall other Cofmeticks tormerly fold
hereby Mrs. ifockle. .N. B. She has a chympical Liquor which
alters red or grey Hair to alight or dark srown,
... ‘The Great Venereal Antidote. 7
TNEING-a. mot Sovereign Medicine, and very pleafant to:

——

the Navel, are exceedingly light, nd éffeétual Ufe really. adds a Luftre to’ the molt beautiful,” by shewi : rfectly cures without Confinement or Dif--
the fine Features of the Fate,.and beautifying the Neck arf Penal the Degrees «the Venereal Difeafe; with fach Speed, ,
refh Infections -

A new Edition is juft publifhed, of
HE Pratticat Scheme: of the SECRET
DISEASE,.a GLEET, and a Broken
Conftitution by faft Living, former Cures,
Salivations, ercury's &c, teaching Perfons
.to underftand Rightly theirown Cafe, and
tocure themfelves without. making their

Hands to thei preatelt : Perfection, and i § 0 fate that it may
‘be taken inwardly. --It ibly kills Worms in the Faee, : .
‘takes away Freckles, Spots WwW inkles,. Pitsor Marks of the }ave cur’d by itin a few Days, and. & eins. with | c
m -andafhiredly enres any Defeéts in the Face, giving | Clap, ot virulent Running, of te teins On Roppune of
2 charming, youthful Luftre;-and fine vAir to.the Features, to | Utine, Heat or Pain, in. making Water, «eer this exie
ts ‘Admiraticn. “As for-fach Perfons asare of: a fwarthy. Com- | vities,. and evra other Sym tom 1 vevienced by vr arored? of
B ™ Condition known. to any ore. Dedicated | p'exion, or troubled: with any difagreeable Rednefs, Rough: | Diftemper, as have seen OPP Y CoP. “without any other
S27 (4 ‘to Dr. Chamberirn.. is highly ufefu nefs,-Morphew, Heats, or the like, it is not.to be-parallel’d: i ia nso which ean {earcely be faid of any other Thing be-
snd inftruétive little Rook is Given Gratis Up One Pair of | For it immediately fmooths; clears, plumps, nourifhes and fides ie fe Es it-alf® very: fafely-and fpeedily reniaves alt Re--
Stairs at the Celebrated Anodyne NECKLACE, Recom- | whitens the:Skin to the daft ee 3 and. makes thofe: Per- ek Jor former Infeésion, or ill and.mifina Mercurial
mended by Dr. Chamberlen for Children’s Teeth, next.to the {fons who before look'd hagged- and old, to look: young, bean- Couries babe hk Inforic ob
Rofe Tavern without Temple-Bar. and ar Mr. Jeremiah | tiful-and fair ; and, in fhort, it far exceeds any Thing that ! readily and fafely. cures every
Pain’s the Sign of the Bunch of Grapes the firft ‘Toyfhop on | was ever yet known, or made publick, for clearing-and beau. | low, ly.
Right Hand juft within Pope's ead-Ally from Cornhill, | tifying the Skin. . Is-fold onty at Mr. Ward's Toyfhap. at the
right over-againft the Royal-Exchange. Where are to be ‘had Peacock next. the Swan Tavern, againft the Royal Exchange
the famous Anodyne NECKLACES for' Children’s Teeth fin Cornhill, at _zs, a Bottle, oe |
fealed up along with the Liquid Coral to make the Guns give | N.-B. - Mr. Ward, by my Order; gives, Allawance te
vay for the Teeth to come out without Pain. . Pricetoth to- | Country Shopkeepers, &c. that fead-for it. y the Dozen (for
gether ss /ind the famous Pectoral LOZENGES for that,| ready Money) to fell again: Ic will. kee twice feven Years,
Uncafinefs at Stomach called the HEART-BURN, fix-pence | and gives univerfal Satisfaction. It is a late acquir'd. Secret,
a. Papcr. } " known to none bet the Author thereof. , .

LONDON: Printed by N. ALIST, inG reat-Carter-Lant.

ar it is admired. by all.
Eafe, and Safety, that it Is aan ates the moft malignant.

: of the Venereal

Mercury; tho! rooted in the rc r
‘genti€é Evuctration. «Spld only at .Mr. Leekton's Toythop at
the Griffin, the Corner of Fucklersbury in the Poultry, at 6 $s.
the Pot, with Direct

remote, may cure themfelves. Twoo

f them are generally e-~
nough to cure in molt Cafes. - |

. ou ry roe |

Beautifiers yet knosvn, as that moft noble Fre

le Antidote, which hath notits Fele.

‘Difeafe, arid all the ilk Confeqnences of mifmanaged Mercuri,
Courtes: by-carrying off the Poyfon. of the Difeafe, and _
nN re ee Pea the: ry. Bones or Marrow, y very -

eStions fo plain, that any, though never io.
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 2 July 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786122/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 