Prasat MONG the numerous Letters of
: our Correfpondents, I meet with
fome wherein I’m flatter’d with
the Opinion they entértain of my
emerson Knowledge and — Experience ‘in
ES Men and Manners;: and fome

Country Gentlemen and Ladies who hotieur me

with being’of the Number of my Readers, now -

. and then ‘apply to me to be decided in Points of

..‘tion; declare what my general

*

good Breeding. | 7
As Iam no Courtier I cannot take upon me to

_ bea Cenfor in Affairs of this delicate Kind ; how-

ever, at their Requeft, I fhall, without Aftecta-
Notions are of
good Breeding. - _ 7
Gosd. Manners I take to be a certain Art of
Behaviour which carrics a Man through all Com-
anies, without giving Offence ; I will not call it
the Arc of Pleafing, for, I conceive there muft

- bs fomething more than good Manners to arrive

‘at that; for Example, Wit, good.Senfe, and a
“Knowledge of the World ; however, it mult be
- allow’d, that good Manners are the Foundation
of the Art’of. Pleafing ; and we often fee a Man.

’ who has been ufed to polite Company, make a

tolerable Figure with a very poor Underftanding.
And, on the other Side, the Scholar, who paffes
his. Days in the Clofet, laying in a Stock of Know-
ledge to inrich his Mind, appears half a Savage,
upon ‘his being firft introduc’d. into the polite
The ordinary Converfation of Perfons, even of

good Breeding, appears: fo trifling to the Man of.

Study, and their Sentiments fo mean, in Refpe&
of thofé he-has been converfant with, thar he is
apt to fhew lis Contempt of them ; and fich a
Behaviour falls juftly under the Cenfure of Rude-
-nefs and ill Manners ; nay, it is even a Degree

of. i}l Manners té take Notice of that of another
Perfon ; for the Ufe of good Breeding isto ren- :
@er a Maifagreeable, the- only .Way ro-pleaie

— othérs, is to make them,pleafed with themfelves ;

and therefore he muft not, by any Word or A&i-
-on, give People to underftand, that he fees rhofe -

‘litrle Weakneffes and Infirmities which are, more
-or lefs, comrion'tto all. «= ¢ | -
"Thus it may feem as if there wasa great Deal
of. Flatrery mix'’d ‘with good Manners ; but this
Urbanity, or Smoothnefs of Behaviour, does not
fail under. the Nanie of: Flattery, fince it is not
pradticed either to deceive or impofé upon others,
and is followed to keep up the Harmony and good:
Humour of Converfation. we
There is a national Politenefs,a Habit. of which

"is acquired’ by Ediitation, and converfing’ long in

\

‘one Place ; but the Forms of, Ceremony are: very
different betwixt.one Country and. another, -and
what is-very civil in. England would be rade in
The French will not. allow any People of Ewrope
to come up to-them in. Polirenefg, ‘and the reft of
the World they look upon as Barbarians, ———-
Yet,. according. to, the Account given of the. Peo=
ple of sian, by one of theié ‘own Writers: Whd
attended they Kinbaffy fenr from Lewis the. XTVih.

-

tothe King. of .s/am, methinks“ic appeats’ thty'

have but little Reafon For thar, Boaft. 20.) e
This Writer:takes Notice, that in, Sian it. i8
fook’d upon’as a part of ill Breéding when a Per-
fon conveérfes with, w groat.Man,, and. mare oly
éially if be talks with the Kings, co faya' preati

&>

a SATURDAY, OCTOBER 30,

8 iStreated \ wit

: 46-5ry
; MME Higher Plt oF t 7
‘mf honourable; and’ no: Perfon is fond of lod-

— MIST’s WEEKLY FOURNAL — emia

1728.

Deal, or to ufe more Words than are abfolutely
neceflary to explain the Subje&; however, as
the French are naturally-talkative, when the French

' Ambaffador was admitted to his firft Audience, he

ran his Harangue and Compliment -into a more
than ordinary Length: When he had finifhed,
the King told him civilly enough, that he was
very copious, or had a great Flow of Words.
The French were at a Lofs wherher to underftand

this as a Compliment or a Jeft ; and the Writer.

dees nor well know wherher he fhould cenfure
the King as impolite, for feeming to diflike the
Ambaffador’s tedious Addrefs, or condemn the
Ambatfador, for not conforming to the Humour
and Tafte of the Court he was {ent to.

But I fhall quote a few of this Writer’s Re-
marks upon the Manners of the People of Siam,
and leave the Readers to judge, whether. we in
Europe’ haye any Reafon to give thefe People the
Name of Barbarians.

“© 'Thofe who -have the Care of educating the
“ Youth in Siam, obferve principally to teach
‘tthem to exprefs all the Modefty and Submif-
‘* fion. imaginable towards ‘their Superiors ; and
‘© particularly inftru& them nor ro be roo loud,
“<noify, or talkative. -For, in the King’s
‘* Court there is commonly obferved a moft pro-
“ found Silence, and indeed no lefs in the Houfes
“~of all great Men. i

“ The Siamoife are fo cautious of faying any

at thing that’s fhocking or ungrateful, thar they
will not fo much as relate a known’T rath, ‘if

<

“* they apprehend it may be in the leaft. dif-
‘* guftful t6 any of the Company. -

“¢ inftru&ted by their Eldets, or fuch as they

‘“‘ look upon as their Superiors, than officionfly’

‘¢ offer their own Opinions, unlefs they are fome
“Way prefs’d and importunedto giveit.
| “ Teis reckoned very ill Manners to preten
‘¢ to ‘be wifer than the Company, fo far are they
“* from feeming to-defpife or infult any for their
‘* Ignorance. .

‘© They feldom fpeak in the firft Perfon ary
** more than in China, and the Words-you and I
“« feem. to be banifhed from Converfavion ; and

“ when they fpeak of Women they ufe the fame

 Epithets of Refpe& as when they talk of their

“* Superiors ; but. more particularly when they °

**- addrefs direétly to any of the fair Sex, they

~ do not only eall her Lady or Princefs, but alfo

“ add young to it, of whatever Age fhe be; for
“* they have a Notion that- Women_ cannot with
‘‘ any Patience bear the Affront -ef being called

old, or counted ‘fubje& to any Infirmities which
““- may. render them difagreeable to Men. - The
‘“* Daughter of the King is often call’d young Hea-
** ven, thofe of lefs Quality young Fewel, or young

4 Flowetr.——For th Vy" ay, a Lady fhould'never-hear

that fhe is patsid 1er Bloom. |

" “-4e' Te’ is’ reckoned rude -for a-Perfon of a low

“ ‘Rank to ftand before People of Quality, or for

“ Servants to do fo before their Mafters - = >
® For the‘moft part; at all Vifits, the Stranger

“<' Maftef ‘of ‘the ' Hénfe ‘prefents him ‘with his

i ©” Swit Hands" that is to fay, with both his Hands}
“which? is ‘2 Steatér Mark of Refpé&, andthe

ae

anger réceives ir in the ferne Manner.”
eo Hoyle‘ iv'abyays the

‘* They feem defirous rather to learn and be-

' ging under another’s Feet : It is for this Réa-

** fon, “I fuppofe, the Stamoife'have feldom more
than one Story, but the Apartments in Palaces
“and great Houfes, rife gradually by a Kind-of
‘* eafy. Afcent one above another, and rhe inner-
“« moft, which muft of Confequence be tlie liigh-
“* eft, is counted the moft honourable; and there
‘< is lodg’d the Mafter of the Houfe.——_—~Aihd
*€ tho’ their Houfes are for the moft part built on
‘¢ Pillars, the part underneath is-never made ufe
“¢ of for any Thing but Slaves. __ os

“6 When the laft Ambaffador which came from
“ the King of Siam to the French Court-was in
“* Paris, it happened that fome of his Retinue
“* were lode’d the firft Night in an Apartment
“© over his Head, but in the Morning when they
** came to underftand that they had trod with
‘“‘ their Feet over the Ambaffador’s ‘Head, and -
“© not only that, but. over rhe Place where their
“‘ King’s Letter to the King of France was lodgp'd,
* they thought themfelves guilty of an extraofdi-
“nary Piece of Infolence, and ask’d Pardon of

“
ww

‘

_ thé Ambaffador for it. -

‘¢ The right Hand in Siam is reckoned the
‘© moft honourable, and-therefore the Matter of
“ the Houfe, either in walking or fitting, always
“¢ gives the Vifiter the right Hand, and that pare
‘¢ of the Room which is oppofite to the Door, ‘is
“ eftcem’d the beft Place. -Which Cuftain,
“¢ I fuppofe, may be grounded upon this Reafon,
that it being a_hot Country, it is pleafant .to
oe oppolite tothat part where the Air enters,
* and therefore that Place is always offered to the —
“ Vifiter.- ~ | 7
This may fuffice to fhew that Policenefs is nor.
confin'd to Europe, and were not fome of the Ca-
ftoms and Ceremonies in“ Behaviour amongft the
People of Siam a little too formal, a Man would
wifh that a great many amongft us who would
fet up for fine Gentlemen, were fent.for fome Time
amongft them to improve their Breeding,
FOREIGN AFFAIRS. ©
They write from Warfaw, that the Minifters
of the Proteftant Powers ftill continue to give in
Memorials, -and make Remonftrances in Favour
of the Inhabitants of Thorn ; yet the moft favou-
rable Anfwer King‘Augnftus has been pleafed to
return, was what was given to: Mynheer Ruinpf,
the Dutch Refident, which amounted to no more
than this, Zhat be would confider of it with the Se-
nators and Miniflers of Poland at the next Diet. |
From Madrid, we learn, that publick Rejoi- )
cings have been made at St. IIdefonfo upon the °
Conclufion’ of the double Match betwixt the
Prince of Afturias with the Infanta of Portugal,
and the Prince of Brazil with the Infanta of
Spain. Upon which itis tatk'd, thar the —s,
Court. of Portugal will be brought into.an. Alli-
ance offenfive and defenfive with the Emperor
and King of Spain, in Cafe of a Rupture in. Eu-
rope: There are fome other Rumours which
feem to be founded only on Conjefture, as thar
as foon as the Marriage betwixt the Princé. of
Aftursas and Infanta of Portugal is confummated,,.-_
his Catholick Majefty will make another Refight& Bae
nation.——-T he three ‘Mufcovite Ships who cage eek?
to Cadiz on the Account of ‘Trade are ftill the}:
- and have taken .in their lading in order to m
turn to Petersburg, but in Cafe the cold We@ie%z
‘ ther’ fhould .come in before they can reach tne
Baltick, they have Inftructions to winter in font@sssa EX

~
 Port of Treland. | Thefe new Traders até much
encourag’d by the Spaniards, and great Advan-
tages are expected on both Sides by a mutual

_ ‘Trade.

- Weare advifed from France, that King Sta-
niflaus and his Confort are arrived at the Caftle
of Chambourg, near Orleans, being the Place ap-
pointed for their Refidence; it js above. thirty
Leagues from Paris; but as there are great Num-
bers of Gentry always living in the City of Or-
leans, their Court will make a handfome Shew.
Tork, O& 23. Laft Saturday an old Gentlewo-
‘man, who was foretime ago run over in the
- Streets by a Horfe, which pur her Hip out of
Joint and broke her Leg, and being pretty well
_ récovered, would necds’ attempt to- get down
. Stairs.without.Help, had. the Misfortpne to tum-
ble from top to bottom, broke both her Arms,
_ and fplit her Nofe up, fo that ‘tis thought it will
__ kill her.———-On Sunday the 17th, dy’d Al-
_ derman Fairfax, a Gentleman of a very good
. Eftate, who had been formerly a Sea Captain,
and. fome Years. ago one of cur Reprefentatives
_ in Parliament ; he was interr’d at Newton, where
he had a Country Seat, near this City.——_-—-On
. Monday the 18th, the Rainbow Coffee-~Houfe in
Stonegate was broke open by Rogues, who got
'fome Booty, but mifs’d a handfome Parcel of
- Plate, which ‘twas {uppofed, was what they wan-
ted moft; about a Fortnight feven Pound ini
. Money was taken out of a Cupboard in the Cof-
- fee-Rvom in the middle of the Day. —__-=On
_ Wednefday the 2oth, a poor old Man was found
drown'd in the River Fofs, with only his Head
in the Water, ‘tis fuppofed, he fell down in
a Fit. | Bo :
LONDON, OGober 30. -
_.. Laft Saturday Elizabeth Carter was whipp’d
from Ludgate to Temple-Bar at the Cart’s 'Tail.
| We areinform'd, thar feveral Mercers who us’d
Mrs. Carter’s Huufe, contributed very genteely
_ towards keeping the Mob, thar attended the Pre-
_ceffion, from iniulring or abufing her, as has been
_ufual on fuch Occafions. | ,
The Houfe of Commons in Ireland are very
bufy in fettling the Accounts of the Nation ; -and
_the Lords have eimploy’d fome Time. in. finding

‘out the Author of a Copy of Verfess entitul’d,

Wifdom’s Defeat.

‘The Bufinefs of the Glafgow Rioters is all over, :
there being none convifted capitally, two are to |

be banifh’d, three whipp’d and afterwards to be

tran{ported, one other to be tranfported, and a

Woman to ftand twice in the Pillory. .

Eleven Men lifted by an Irifh Officer in the .
Spanifh Service, were a few Days-ago difoover'd '
_by the Wife of one of the Recruits, who inform’d '

the Deputy-Governor of the Tower ; ,he imme-

diately fent an Officer with a Detachment of the

Guard, and brought them away Prifoners. 'Rhey

have been fince examin’d.at the
and remanded into Cuftedy. . . oT,
We hear from Hereford, that at. the .Seffions

Secretary's Office

lately held there for that. County,. the. Goaler

brought up his Prifoners, claiming the Benefit of
the AG of Infolvency; but shrjough .fome Neg-
JeG of their Lifts ef Caufes of. AGions nor be-
ing {worn to the Seffions before, the poor Debtors,
being near 20 in Number, were turn‘d back a-

‘gain, and could not be difcharged.. gi
- Laft Week a Couple of Highwaymen went in-
to an Alehoufe under Primrofe-Hill,, and, ‘though
they were often defir’d to .be. gone;. they..kept
drinking there till very late ;. then they laid.hold
‘on the poor old Man and his Wife, ;bound. them
both, and robb’d the Houfe of 5 J. there being no
more ; the Man having paid 201. to his Brower
that Morning. oy a

e

a

> On Thirfday the new Lotd Mayor was {worn .

into his Officé at Guildhall, aid Yefterday he
went by Water to Weftminfter, with the cufto-
_mary Attendance, where he was {worn before

«the Barons of the Exchequer, after which his
-Lordfhip return’d to Gold{miths-Hall in the Ci-

ty and din’d, together with a great many af the
Nobility, Judges, &c. . :

His Majefty hath been pledfed to pardon
George Murray, Efq; commonly called Lord
George Murray, who was formerly an Enfign.in
the Earl of Orkney’s Regimenr, but afterwards
engaged in the Rebellion in Scotland ; and laft
Tuefday the Inftrument for that Purpofe pafs’d
the Scals, :

The Lady Child; Reli& of Sir Jofiah Child,
Mother to the -Dutchefs of ‘Chandois, Lord Vif-
count Caftlemain, and Lord Middleton, was
fplendidly bury’d laft Thurfday near Middleton-
Hall in Sratfordfhire.: ~
" On Tuefday laft a Colonel’s Guard mounted
at St. James's the three young Princeffes, having
return’d thither that Day from Kenfington.

They write from Cardigan, -South-Wales, ‘that
about a Fortnight ago great Numbers of People
reforted to -New-Key, not far from thence, to fee

a great Fifh thar the Fifhermen had caught among |

the Herrings ; it was 22 Foot long, and fo thick,

_that when it lay onthe: Ground the Fins on tts

Back ftood as high as the talleft Man there; it
being unufual to meet with fuch in that Sea, they
knew not what to call it; fome old Fifhermen
{aid it was a Herring-Hog, and follow’d the Shoals
of Herrings to prey upon them.
40 Fathoms of their Net, but in ftruggling to get
off, was, at laft, fo much entangled, that, with
great Difficulry and Danger, they drage’d him to
the Shore ; but, to make fome Amends, they got
agreat Deal of Train Oyl out on’t, but much
more might have,been had, if they had berter
underftood how to manage it. |

His Majefty continues ro hunt three times a
Week at the Gohre ; but it is not kaown when
he will return, though the Apartments are fitting
up at St. James’s, and the Yachts are order’d in
Readinefs. -. oe -

’ ‘The vacant Clerks Offices of the Poit-Office are
fill'd up, viz. the Briftol Road, Mr. Giddings in
the Room of Mr. Warren, deceafed ; North
Road, Mr. Ruffel in the Room of Mr. Calcroft,
who refign’d ; Weft Road, Mr. Weftgarth in the

room of Mr. Sautell, deceafed, and Mr. Prat and -

Mr. Clerk are come into the Yarmouth and Ken-
tifh Roads, and Mr. Harris.is made Clerk of the

_A noted. Quaker in. this City having taken: u
great Quantities of Goods, to the Value of qbove
200001, upon the Credit of his Sanétity, left the
Kingdom, and landed.a few Days ago at Calais.
As (eon as he arrived, he quitted the plain Drefs,
and difpuifed himfelf with a Sword, long Wig,

1 and: embroidered. Suit, difcharged his old Ser-

vants, took a French, Valer, and fet out ppon his
Travels like. a petit. Maitre. | - ek

.* ‘The Honourable Mrs. Anne Vane, Maid of Ho-| i

nour'to her ‘Royal Highnefs, is,indifpofed ; as is
Sir Wm. Young of the Gout-1n Town ;;and:the
L, Craven at his Country Seat :. "The Earl of Che-
{terfield is patt all Hopes of, Recovery : The Duke
of Ancafter is;recover'd of.his THnefs ..
"They write from Inverne&,,O&, 15... That the
General left. this Town, ;in-prder.ro ; receive,the
Armsof a darge. Trat of. ‘Country, im P ig. Way: to
Edinburgh. “There have,.been, already difarm
-the Mac

morifton, M‘Leods, Chifholms, Srewarts, Camex.

rom Pern Mac notien MiGregart, Gar
' dons, Farqcharfioy : ‘Farlans,,: and other Clans

It tore to pieces -

P| Church in Surrey. Likeavife,

up in quarter, half,
EA cnoe

enzies, the M‘Danalds,. Grants of Glen- |

“with & Multitiide of their Tribes and Follower
ds likewife the Ifles of Sky and Mull; and the :

Arms amount to between 2 and 3000.

‘Deaths and Cafualties. ‘The Lord Whitworth
fuddenly at London.——General Pepper at Dover;
~———<Sir Cecil Bifhop in Suffex. —— Andrew
Kennedy, Efq; at Edinburgh.——Judge Maccart~
ney'’s Lady at Dublin. ———_—_A néyw born Son of
Sir William Strickland.
Drury-Lane hang’d herfelf. —
man Smith hang’d himfelf. —
man took Boat and threw himfelf our in the mid-
die of the River, and was drown’d. :

_ They write from Bath, that a Treaty of Mar-
riage is on Foot between Borlace Webb, Efgq; Son
of the late General Webb, and Mrs. Newton, a’
Lady of no {mall Fortune and Beauty,

Lord Huntingdon is return’d from his Travels.

_ The Lord Chief Juftice Clerk is arrived from’
Bath, and fet forward for Scotland. -

Laft Week the Honourable Mr.Wm. Poultney’s
Lady was brought to Bed of a Son, and Mr. Da-
niel Poultney’s Lady ofa Daughter the fame Day.

Countefs of Burford is brought to Bed of a Son.’

The Eaft-India Sale adjourn’d on Thurfday for’
a Fortnight, which amounted then to 954,700 1.

The fame Day the South-Sea Company fold 270°
Tuns of Train Oyl at 121. 19s. per ‘Fun. a

The dead Warrant is come for the Execution of

5 of the 7 Malefattors fome Day next Week ;

Longmire and Steel are repricy’d.

A. Journey-
— A Gentle-

A ‘Tub Weman in’ ~

e have an Account that a Spanifh Man of |

War, call’d the Ruby, of 50 Guns, engaged near

‘the Streights Mouth; two Algerine Corfairs, oné
-of 32 Guns and 300 Men, and the other of 26
" Guns, and 200 Men, and funk them both, -

_ An Algerine of 36 Guns chac'd a Dutch Dogger
into Plymouth; I fuppofe ’tis the fame Sceundrel

- that put into that Port fometime ago.
AU Sorts of Almanacks for 1726 wik -be publiP'd

at Stationer's-Hak, on Tuefday the 16th
ber next. . ,

To Morrow tayo Charity Sermons will be preached at
the Parifh Church of st. Nicholas Coleabby in Old Fifh-
Street, for the Benefit of the Charty Children of Queena
hithe Ward ; that in tke Morning by the Rev. Dy, War-'
ven, Rettpr of Bow, by Stratford; that in the Afternoon

of Novers-

-by the Rev. Mr. Dubordien, one of the Letturers of St.

Fobn Hackney.

To Morrow alfo there qwill be two Charity Sermons
preached at the Pavifo Church of St. Stepben Walbrook,°
for the Benefit of the Society Children belonging to the
faid Church, that in the Morning by the Rev. Mr. Ab-"
bot, Rettor of St. Michael, Wood-Street, and that in’
the Afternoon by the Rev. Dr. Finlay, Refor of Chrift-

» To Morvow:theve-avilt. be a Charity Sermon preached
for the Benefit of 50 poor Boys belonging to St. Giles
Cripplegate Without, by the Reverend Mr. Smith, Leffu=
rer of St, Katherine Creed-Church, at the Pavifo Church"
of ‘St. Michael Baffifvaw, |

. South-Sea Stock is t21,.1 4th.

A. n“ffom:Multitudes of People, anfwering in all
rhein bile. nh am not dein cient |
to anfwer the gréat Call, fo that many Guftomers could not.
€ fupplyed, Care is taken, that none for the future be
fines and right favonced y to be fad ar the At oaks ok
avolred 3 to. at the oufe on

the lee: Hand in Bell-Savage-Yard on Ludgate-Hill, made
» or whole Pounds, at 2s, 6d. per Pound, |
and a proved athe mol Midletous ) Ie adh :
I the moft. judicious: [t adds.
tothe belt, and makes that. Which has loft its Flayour pers

y . _ |
- OST on the rzth Inftant, a fall new Silver Watch, -
4 with a black Ribbon, Key, arid Silver Seal, between

and the Head of the Haymarket, the Ma-

ixer's Name Thomburghs "To be. ete the Be

: er's, ame i hormourgn. re) . at the ¥ at Tom’s*
' Coffeé-Houfe at. Charing: ,

Ro Queftions ask’d, arg Cre&; two Guineas Rewagd, and’

a men Bank 133. In-"

dia 167, 1 half African 15, 5 Sths. ae

4HE Powder which hi ith ppro--
hati er waic Bas met with fuch a. general Appro

L
 - Preparing for the Prefs, two ‘Treatifes on ..
: I. THE MUSICK OF THE ! LU
TY OF ACTION..- Defign’d to. RE the-anciént
Elocution, in al: its Branches. By MR, HENLEY, <The
Correfpondence of the learned and polite World 3s defired on
this Subje&t, directed to the Author in Gray’s-Inn.\. ;
-. . | This Day is publithed, SO ,
- *,% The Learned Father MONTFAUCON’s SUPPLE-
MENT to his Antiquity explain’d, and reprefentedin Sculp-
tures, in five Tomes in Folio, Tranflated into Enlil by
David Humphreys,.M. A. and Fellow of Trinity College in
Cambridge, who publimhed the former Volumes. N. B. The
Plates are ingrav’d by Mr. Gerard Vandergucht; and t
Supplement compleats the Work. Sold by J. Tonfon and J,
Smith in the Strand, W. Mears and D. Brown without Tem-
le-Bar, J. Pemberton in Fleet-Street, J. Knapton, R. Knap-
foe ; D ‘Midwinter, R. Robinfon, W. and J. Innys, and C.
Rivington in St. Paul’s-Chureh-Yard,- J. Osborne and A.
Bettefwortb in Pater-Nofter-Kow, J. Brotherton in Corn-
hill, and J. Watts at the Printing-Office in Wild-Court near
Lincoin’s-Inn-Fields. Of whem may be had the former ten
"Tomes. N.B. There are a fmail Number printed on fine
Royal Paper for the Curious.

| _A Gentleman wants, viz.. sw

Houfe unfurnifh’d, for a fimall Family, with an Orchard-
Garden, about so or 20 Miles of London, in Middlefex

or Surry. Propofals to be left for Mr. C. L. at Peele’s Cof-

fee-Foufe in Fleet-Street.

This Day is publifhed, , ;
*,* Some neceffary Obfervations on the late A’ for the
Relief of infolvent Debtors; thewing, that it is calculated
with equal Regard to the Intereft of their Creditors, as to
the Relief of Prifoners for Debt, &c. with an Appendix,
touching a very fingular Cafe, &ec. humbly recommended: to
the Confideration of the Juftices of Peace, &c. By Roderick
Mackenzie, fen. quondam A.A. To be fold by John Mil-
Jan, at his Shop in ‘Shug-Lane near the upper End of the
‘Hay-Market; the_next Bookfeliers to the Horfe-Guards ;
and J. Roberts in Warwick-Lane. - |
_ ~ Shadwell-Water-Houfe, O&. 21, 1725. -
HE Governor ‘ard Com any of Shadwell-Water-Works
_& will be ready to reccive Propofals from-fuch Perfons as
are willing to ferve them with the beft Hay of taft Years
growth, and the beft Hay of this Years growth, for the Term
of one Year; they are defired to fend their Prizes to the

* AY
* *

Clerk of Shadwell-Water- Works, feal’d up, on or before the’

zx2th of November next.

Tas is to give Notice to all Lovers of Dancing, that
»& the fameis taught after the moft perfed, new, eafy and
expeditions Method, to young Ladies. and Gentlemen, at
their Honfes, or at Boarding-Schools.- By“An. Lefer, Dan-
- cing-Mafter, who has tanght feveral Perfons of Quality and
- thers, He may be {poke witb, ora Letter left for him at
his great Room in Rider’s-Court, near Leicefter-Fields, or at
the Corner Houfe of King’s-Street, over againit Roft-Street,
Covent-Garden. ] :

T° be Lett at Chriftmas or Lady-Day next, .the Faulcon
Inn in Petty-Cury, in Cambridge, with or without the
Furniture of the Houfe, to which there lately-belong‘d a
Club of 50 ar moré Gentlemen; who offer to return.to the
faid Inn, if they approve. of the Perfon who hires it. Enquire
of John Paterfon in Cambridge, or. of Robert Paterfon, Lin:
nen-Draper, at the Black Lyon in Cornhill, London.

_. Juft publithed, |
*,* Lilium Sarnienfe, or a Defcription of the Guernfay-
Lilly. To whichis added, the Botanical Diffection of the
Caffee-Berry; read and demonftrated on feveral Preparati-
ons at a Meeting of the Royal Society, March 18, 1724-s.
with Figures. By Dr. James Douglafs, Honora Fellow of

the Royal College of’ Phyficians, London, and Fellow of: the

Royal Society. - | _ .
_ A comparative Deftription of all the Muftles ina Man,

and in 2 quadruped, ‘fhewing their Difcoverer, Ufe and Dif- |

ference. 'To which isadded, An A.ccount of the Mufcles pe-

culiar to 2 Woman. - With an etymological Table,’ and feve-

ral ufeful Indexes. By the fame Author, oo

A Catalogue of fimple Medicines that are fit to be ufed in
the Pratttce of Phyfick and Surgery, containing the Names

Sf the Difpenfatory, or Shop Preparations, &c. To which are

Bdded, Two very ufeful Tables. gh

‘The Method of crforming the high Operation, in which

_ the Stone is extracted out of the'Bladder

aithfully collected fromthe Writin
virate, Mr. Francis Rofley, who fi in Ji

. uglaks, who lately tevived, and firft ficcefsfully practifed
ft on living Bodies, Mr; Chelleden: who has fince frequently
rform'dit with a wonderful: Dexterity, and'moft fuyprifing

‘Saccefg. " All printed for’G. Strahan at the Golden

dver-againft the Royal-Exchange in Cornhill. _

_.  Againft the VENEREAL .DISEASE. ;
HE famous Italian BOLUS, has fo great Succef§ in
the Cure of the Venereal Difeafe, that not.one of the

great Numbers that daily take it mif$ ofa perfect Cure; and

tho’ -fo very

of that:famous ‘Tri-

and obftinate kind of the veneréal Difegfe;: without: Confine-

‘ment, or making. your Cafe known. ta anys | , Uf it*fails

to do, the Money is returned. ‘This great:

deftroys Mercury ! anid’

xelieves: thofe unfortunate ‘Perfons-whio: have fallen.into bad
ands in. ,

Sword the Corner of Ruflel-Street, over

OIGE. Il. THE BEAU-
RESTO

- Too early—marrying. .

YOUNG BEGI

* Luces

above the.Os ‘Pubis. .
invented it, Mr John:

cheap as-25s: 6d. each, yet four ‘Boltiffes ‘never.
fail toiroot out and carry off the moft malignant, ‘virulent,

édicing. likewift

y and carries it ont of the Body: aki heer
former Cures. ¥s,tq be had only ut the Flaming. gate Cha sch over-againts
. : CAB AHHE WIN Coltce ‘| in St.Mary.Ax. | N.B.
Hout, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at’any other Place is Coun- » with pri
erfeit. 7 ne

_

ae, suet it, Biblio! a
.. #,* The COMPLETE ENGLISH TRADESMAN, in
- familiar Lettets, diredting himin all. the feyeral Parts and
‘ cquainting himfelf
. With. Bufinef§ during: his Apprenticefhip. 2-His writing to

Progrefiions. of. TRADES, viz..1. His a

his Correfpondents, and obtaining a general Knowledge of
Trade; as well what he is not, as whit he is employ a in.
2. Of Diligence and Application, as the Life of all Bufinefs.
4. Cautions againit Over-Trading. © 5. Of the ordinary Occafi-
ans of 4 Tradefman’s Ruin, fuch as expenfive Living.——
{nnocent Diverfions.———Giving
Bufinefs to Ser-

and: taking too much Credit——Leaving -
vants.—-— Being above Bufinef%——Entering into dangerous
Partnerfhips, &c:. 6. Directions in the feveral Diftrefies of
a, Tradefman when he comes to fail.. 7. Of Tradefmen com-
pounding: with. their Debrots, and -why they aré fo, particu-
arly fevere.. 8, OF Tradefinen ruining one another by Ru-
mour and Scandal. 9. Of Credit, and how it is only fippor-
ted by Honefty. 10. Direétions for Book-Keeping, punétual
paying Bills, and thereby maintaining Credit. Calcuiated
or the Inftrnaion of Inland Tradefinen, and efpecially of
NG ] NNERS. Printed’ for Chartes Rivington at
,the Bible and Crown in St. Paul's Church-Yard. Price’ s s.

A Sitious Sett of Prints in Chiaro Obfeuro, Done ‘from
the original Drawings o: the beft Italian Mafters, with
feveral other lefler Prints of the fame Nature; alfo fix A-
cademy Figures, done from the Life by the late Mr. Che-

“Yon. Sold by the Author EB. Xirkall in Wine-Office-Court,

Fleet-Street, and by Mr. Glafs under the Royal-Exehange,

. Mr. King at the Globe in the Poultry, Mr. Phil. Overton,

and Tho. Taylor, Printihops in Fleet-Streer.-

Next Week will be publlifh’d (dedicated to his Excellency
: the Lord Carteret, a

*,” The fecond. Volume of D. Gavin’: Mafter-Key to Po-
pety, in two Parts ; containing, rft. The Lives and Tranf-
actions of the Popes, or Bithops of !.ome, their Doftrine and
Authority, &c. -zdly, The Lives and abominable Intrigues
of feveral Priefts and Fryers of the Church of Rome. Prin-
ted for J. Stephens at the Bible in Butcher-Row, near St.
Clement’s Church in the Strand, and fold by A. Bettefworth,

- Osborn, and T. Longman in Pater-Nofter-Row, and the
Bookfellers of London and Weftminfter. Where may be had,
Jutt publithed, his firft Volume, in five Parts (dedicated to her

Royal WighnefS the Princef$of Wales,) the 2d Edition, with

large Additions. Price bound in Calf 3s.

‘This Day is publith’d, the fecond Edition, of

.*«* Practical Perfpective, or an eafy Method of reprefen-
ting natural. Objects, according tothe Rules of Art, epply’d
and exemplify’d in.all the Variety of Cafes, as Landskips,
Gatdens, Buiidings of divers Kinds, their Appendages, Parts,
Furniture, &c. with «ules for tHe Proportioris, Pofitions,
&e. of Figures, beth in iwaught and Relievo. Alfothe Man-
ner ef conducting the Shadows, ‘by divers Luminaries, and
practical Methods of -defigning truly;-withcut underftanding
any Rules at all. A Work highly neceflary tor Painters,
Engravers, Architects, Embroi

Tapeftry-\Workers, and others concern'd in defigning. The
Whole illuftrated with 150 Copprr Plates. Written in French

| by a Jefuit of Paris, fince tranflatéd into German, by Ch.
, Rembold, and into Englith by Rob. Pricke, and now a {e-
.. cond time into ‘the Tame ‘Lan re :

nage, by E. Chambers.—-———

¢ Tf yon would proceed immediately to the Pra¢tice of Per-

‘< fpective, without engaging in th: Intricacies of the Theory,

| © the Jefuit’s Perfpective will anfwer your Purpofe. Wolfius

‘¢ in Klement Mathe. Tome rr. Page rogth.”.. Printed and
fold by Thomas Bowles, Print and Mapfeller in St. Pau}’s

_ Chuich-Yard, and John Bowles, Print and Mapfeller over

againft Stocks-Market, and at Mercer’s Chapel in Cheapfide.

, Der Atton o: Chefterfield in Derbyfhire, his ROYAL

CORDIAL TINCTURE forthe Cholick, truly prepar’d
bya Relation. of his,.the Vertuesof which hath been formerly
mention’d by.a Let: erin this Paper, tic. ‘being the.moft fove-
reign Medicine and effeftual Curé for the Chotick, healing
the Bowels, creating Ap etite, and reftoring Health, pre-
venting the Gout in the -

nthe Stoemach.: ‘Sold only at Mr. V. Grim-
ftead's,. a-‘Toythop at! the’ Blaek Swan in St. Paul’s Church-
Yard; at Mr..Garaway's old Shdp‘at the South-Entrance of
the Royal-Exchange; at ‘Mr. Cooper’s, a ‘Toyfhop, the Cor-
ner of Charies-Street in the Strand, and at.the Green Lamp
in Swallow-Street, . Piecadilly, feghed With three Flower de
at 3s. 6d. each Rottle. And at the fame Places
with the fame Sea}, is fold the Doctor's famous Styptick, juft
publithed, with which he has, preferv’d Numbers from falfing
under the Syrgeons Hand, : it beg a fafe and abfolpte Cure
‘for ali Cuts, Scratches, or ‘Tairs if- the Fleth, never fuffering
any ‘Wound that. it wasidreft With; ever to-fefter, or leaving

any. Seashore fcam behind jt, with Direétions how toufe it;

and its Perigctionsmore at large, “Price x's.
Ts EB bétt Water inthe World, ‘fo call’d by thofe who have
experienced it to befo for the Itch, or atly itching. Hu-
mours. It hath been taken inwardly for the King’s-Evil. It
is good to cure fore Eyes,»or any other Sores, Ulcers, -or Fi-
ftulas; it has preferved feveral from having their Limbs cut off,
when all other Means; have.failed, . Sold
makes ity at the Stet of she Green Canifter next to the Dog
and:Bear Inh at London Wall near Little Moregate, who is
tiie SOriginal and only ,Pérfon that can make it, Sold by Mrs
Géllge! at the Cafe ins Wetminter-Hall ‘Mi. “Radford
To "atithé Rofe ‘and. Crown over-againft
‘the North -Entrance'o

‘tholomew-Lane, Mr. Stewart Bowyer, Bookfeller, tinder A}

mell, Price xs. 6d. each

deq on, being counterfeited

Tuar the new Map of Middlefex,

ers, Statuaries, Jewellers,

y the Perfon that -

Church-Yard-in.the Strand neat Anindel-treet,. Mr, Raw’s at ,
F the Ror -E.xchans see eagaintt Bar

“Minories, Mr. Fan, Brufhmaker -

onshow to ufe it: What is fold’
at mA

Tre wey , é

This is to pive Notice, oe |,
Effex, and Hertford:
fhire, (by actual Survey) by John Warburton, Efg; So-
merfet-Herald, and F.R. S. Mr..Jofeph Bland, and Mr.
Payler Smyth, is deliveted to Subfcribers by the faid. Mr.
Bland, at his Houfe on Peter’s-Hili near the Ferald’s-Otfice,
and by the faid Mr. Smyth, at his Chambers No; 2. in Hol-
born-Court; Gray’ss Inn. es .
. Speedily will be publifhed; -..-.-.° =. .
__*,* The ARMS of all the Englith BARONETS. frdvi
their, firft Creation to. the prefent Time; with an Account’
of the Antiquity, Defcent, Marriages and Iffiie of ali the
BARONETS. ‘N. B. Specimens of this Work ‘have teen
fent to almoft ali the Families, and a; great many frave fent
in their family Accounts ; therefore thofe tew Barcnets thad
hive not fent their Accounts, aré defired to do it by the
laft Day of November, for then that Book goes to the Prefs,
and if-fonte Accounts are not f> full and complece’as might
be expected, the Baronets have only themfelves to blame for
It. No Subfcription is requiret, or the Baronet to be at any
Expence. Specimens may be feen at the Undertaker’s Tho.
Wotton, at the Three Daggers arid Queea’s Head againit St.
Dunitan’s Church, Fleet-Street. °

O be lett at Ipfton, near Stoken-Church, in. the County
of Oxon. a handfome large Dwelling-Honfe, 5 Roons |
ona Floor, and good Gardens about the Honfe, with a god
Orchard, Fifh-Poni, Dove-Houfe, Coach-Houfe and Stabling,
and all other Conveniencies. N. B. The Houfe is to be lett,
either with or without so Acres of arable Lind; the Houfe
may be enter'd upon immediately, or at Chriftmas next, the
Land at Michaelmas next, being 30. Miles trom Londonj &
from High Wickham, 6 from Henley, Inquire of Mr. Walter?
Druggut, at-the -Goiden-Crofs, Ruflel-Street, Covent-Gar-
den, or of Mr. Philip Gurdon, Draper, ut ‘Thame in the
County of Oxon. and be farther fatisfied. ..0 ou...
] Elizabeth Myers, Wife of . Williant
& Myers, Weaver, living in one of the
~ ten Honfes in Coverley’s Fields in Mile
End New Town, having the Misfortune
to have a Piece of Mortar fall_into my left Eye, which oc-
cafioned great Pain-and Anguith (notwithftanding we. uied
ftich Means as we were advifed was proper for the fame) the
faid left Eye became quite Blind; rhe Sight thereof being.
wholly loft, and without any Hopes of ever recovering the
fame 3 but being by a Friend directed to Mrs. Caterin Ca-
ftle-Court Birchin-Lane, Cornhiil, the, at firft Sight, prom!-
fed under God, to bring meto my Sight again, and did per-
form the fame in as mort_a Time as couid be. expected;
and this I doe that Perfuns in my late Condition may kno\
where to apply for-Cure, as well as a grateful Acknowledg-
ment for fo great a Cure. . BE. MYE> 5S. .
Note, She cures without any Inftrument ; and.the intallibly
cures the Ague, without the leaft_ Grain of Cortex, or that .
they cal the Jeftiits Bark. Price five Shillings the Vial. No.
- Letters received excent Poft paid.

years AUSTHMATICUM, or the Afthniatfek Jue

+

lep, which is knewn by many Years Experience to bea ne-
ver failing Medicine in old obftinate Afthma’s, whof fuffo-
cating Fit it puts off ina Moment; it gives a per fact Relief
in ftraining laborious Coughs, that are ume-cifully trouble-.
fome Night and Morning; ‘tis a moft excellent Keme/y fo
Shortne({s of Breath upon any Motion, and in Brearhing wit
Difficulty; StraightnefS of the Breaft, with Hoarftnefs and
Wheezing. Nothing exceeds this admirable Juley, ior by 2ocn-
ing the Brouchial Duéts and Pneumonick Paffiges; it pores
trates in the inmoft Recefles of the Lungs , and there méetin
with tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy legm, fo atten 2itzs,
divides, moves and worksit, that by coughing -and fpicting it
expecterates and throws up all fitch matter «ith, the -greateit
Eaie and Pleafire, thereby cleanfing and freeing the Breaft
and Lungs, when ftuffed up and clogged with.a heavy. Load; and
fo prevents Confumptions, Ulcers.of the Lungs, &c. .., Note,
It is a fate and pleafant Medicine ;.to be.taken by fpoontnis,
according to the printed Directions, witliout the leaft Confine-
ment, ordanger of catching Cold. ‘To be had at. Mr, George
Strahan’s at the Golden Ball. over aguinft the Royal Exchange }
Cofahill, and at no other Place. “Price2s 6d) ey
Pieaeatium Mirabilef Or, the Admirable EleStuary.
‘Which infallibly cures all. rees and Symptoms of tie
Secret Difeafe, with mote Eafe, Speed. and Safety, than any
Medicine yct publifh'd ¢ any old Running, &c. thongh of {e-
veral Years -ftanding, whether: occafion’d by an over-ftrain]
Weaknefs of thé Seminals, or the Kelifts of a former Infecti-
on, iv certainly cur’d in a fhort Time, without a-Minute’s
Corlfinement, Sufpieldn} or the. U& of Aftringents ; being a
Medicine fo wonderfullySpleafant and eafy.in its Operation,
that’ the hiceft Palate; .or weakelt. Conftitution, may take it
“with Delight: T'wo Pots are. generally firficient to, complear
aGurein moit Cafes. ‘To-be had only of the Anthor Dr. bt
a ‘Graduate Phyfician, who has publifhed it 20 Years, an id
conftantly to be advis’d with at his Mouie at the Golden Ball
and Lamp, in Bow Church-Yard in’Cheapfide, at-half™a Gnine
t e ot. ; a ” . Lo AM te og ,
‘Concerning Lanatick.or Melancholy Perfons.- ~ |
NY Perfon.that bas Friend or Relation (of the female Sex).
' £\ affliéted with Lunacy, may have them treated with the
greateft Care and Lenity, where -there is a large Garden,
‘good Air, and.a very..pleafant Situation, not far from. Lon-.
Son «They are-attended. by-Nurfes or Servants of their owrt,

t.'Clement’s jf ‘Sex 3no-Man-Setvants. being allow’d.of. ‘There is likewift,

‘good Accommodation, at an eafy Rate, for Women-Luna-
‘titks ot melanctioly Perfons, who are deem’d or thought in-
curable: Enquire: at the Golden Key near the Penny Poft
Office in Chriftopher’s. Church-Yard, Threadneedle-Streét;

near the Royal-Exchange, and know farther. : ce thee gy a

NB. No Men Lunaticks, are entertain’d at the fink

, Houle. ae -

~~
 ‘

N. TINDAL, M.A

Jes for many Yéars, ‘tod Pin

. for the Face

~ Nest Week will be publithed, the fecond Edition, with Ad-
, , ditions and great~A lterations, of .
*.* A General Treatite of Husbandry and Gardening,
containing a new Syftem of Vegeration ; illuftrated with
many Obiervztions and Experiments, formerly publifhed
Monthly, and new methodiz'd and digefted. unser proper
Heads. In four Parts. , | vas
- Part 1. Concerning the Improvement of Land, by fertili-
' zing bad Soi.s, of ocking ‘arms with Cattle,.Poultry, Fith,
Bees, Graffes, Grain, Cyuer, &c. .
- Part-Il. Inftructions to a Gardener, wherein is demon-
ftrated the Circulation of Sap, the Generation of: Plants,
the Nature of Soiis, Air, and Situation. Of the Profits a-
rifing fiom Pianting and raifing Timber. ; -
Part II1. Of the Management of Fruit Trees, with parti-
elilar Obfervations relating to Graffing, Inarching, and
{noculating. + a
- Part IV. Remarks on the Diffefition of Gardens in ge-
neral. -Of the Method of managing exotick Plants and
Flowers, and naturalizing them. to our Climate , with an
Account of Stoves, and artificial Heats. In two Volumes,
adorned with Cuts. By R. BRADLEY, Profeffor of Bota-
ny in the Univerfity of Cambridge, and F.K.S. Printed
_for T. Woodward at the Half Moon over-againft St. Dun-
‘ftan’s Church in Fleet-Street, and J. Peele at the Locxe's-
Head im Pater-Nofter-% ow.. Price 125. a
ee Where may be had, |
~ I. Mr. Switzer’s practical Fruit Gardener, revifed and
recommended by Mr. LAWRENCE and Mr. BRADLEY.
_ IT. Mr. Fairchild’s City Gardener. Price 1s. -

This Day is- pubtifhed, Numb. IV. (to be continued
, ; _ Monthly) of, _.°

4%» The Hiftory of England, by Mr. De Rapin Thoy-
ras's. Done into Englifh, with fome additional Notes, by
IN Vicar of Great Waltham in Effex.
Containing an, Account.of the Converfions of the Kingdoms
of Weflex, Mercia, Eflex, Eaft-Anglia, and Suffex. The
Synods or Councils with their Canons held in England du-
ring the Hepturcay. Keflections on the primitive State of
the Church of England. Origin _of the Danes, with the
Reigns of Egbert, Ethelwuiph, Ethelbert, Ethelred, and
Part of Alfred's.

Printed for games and John Knapton at the Crown in St.
Paul’s Church-Yard. Price 1s. Whcre may be had, No. 1,
2, and3. Priceys. each. - .
: - All Sots of RUPTURES, ___,
URSTEN or broken Bellies, perfectly cur’d by the Blef-

) fing of God, cither on old or young, ina very little
Time, and fora fmall Charge, by two Medicines to be exter-
nally ufed, without any Painto, or Confinement of, the Pati-

- ent.’ Thefeé. two Remedies need no other Recommendation

than themlelves- will manifeft in two’ or three Days ufing, ha-
ving, by their admirable and even aftonithing Succefs, -gain’d
the Repuration they suftly deferve both in City and Country,
or above thele twenty Years. aft, after wearing Trul-
1 ifs. tO" Baie Many Hundiede of all

Ages and Sexes have been ‘cur’d by them, which occafioned
this ‘Publication, for the Good of the Publick, that all fixch
unhappy People may be delivered from the Charge and Slave-
y of always wearing Trufles. They are fal’d up, at 5 s.the
arcel,-which is generally fufficient for a compleat Cure, ef
pecial ofi @ young. Perfon, .and js.now (fince Mrs. Bradbury
eft off Shopkeeping) fold only by Mr. Sanders; Haberdafher
of Small Wares, at the Blue-Ball’'Toyfhop;:in- Fénchureh-
Street, rear ‘Aldgate. N.B. It is by. the. Uf of an eafy
Trufs, &c: that thofe two external Medicines
the Part. affected, lithe Ca .
the Directions at large given ith them. ~
, The chymica§: Liquor for

VY difa revable ColGur, w. ether
into any Degree_of a, Brawn; ar; -f
given with each Bottle, ‘into’ che: 2

9 -

ture, that neither Time -n
lour will for ever remain
It has, with a general Sati: .
ten Years by Mr. Lockton, ‘only, ‘at re
Buckler’s-Bury; in the Poultry, whereia Lock of Hairmay be
fecn that was ftain’d with it efore it- was:firft expos'd to fale.
Prieg half a Guinea a Rottlé: -If it does not prove infallible,
return the:.Liquor, andthe Money fMiall be repaid. i
alfo fold, The fovereign Secret for diffolving the STONE, and

mi Dn SpE SEE, At

ample Direétions. ‘Price 3s. i
7 ae At the Dove and Golden Ball in Salitbury:
e) : Court, Fiéet-ftréet, -liveth'a Gentlewoman
we. that prepares ‘the moft- excellent Cofmeti¢ieor
» Beautifiers'yet known; as that moft noble Pree.
_ paration of Pearl, witha_pbrticular beautify-
ing Fiuid, both which ufed by Ladies of the
y

t Quality; they, with Surprize, take awa'y
Redne imp'es, , Rowghn 3. Worms, Mor-.

<

& ~
head -

> +

Seurt;, Sun-burn, Freckles, Wrinkles, Pits of the

hew. .

Emall-Pox, swith other Defilements of the Skin. -Likewife
fhe prepares a fine Italian Cream for the Face, Neck, and
Hands, which plumps and fmooths the Skin to A

India Chinefe Red Liquor, none: having: the Si

can diftinguifh when on the Face, ahd net to be m

(6 tobe had, the red Crown Cakes, White-Pafte, or Cakés .
Al or Hands, atdall other Coftneticks formerly fald }

here by Mrs. Hockle. N. B. She has aschymical Liquor which
alters red'or grey Hair toa light orddrk Brown. ~~

a

dre applied ta .
till the Cure is perfected, as-will be (een by.

a ‘able to, diftinguifh any.

‘Iw

Where is -

3 .dmiration 5 |
the Nuns White-Pots, ‘and Tower-Street Pots, with an Eaft- :
, Red Li Secret but ‘her- »

‘elf: Ic gives a moft‘natural and lating Bluth, that no Ferien

LO NDON: Pret bye MIE

~

* ") /WRIGHT's Dicuretick; or ctéanfing Tincture. > -
Ww ihe urlnally difchargesailthe freces or putrid relické of

tle Lues Alamode, or Venereal [ntection, and caulés:

-its Concomitants, the’ wretched Train.of’ that complicated,
,D temper, asa mucous, filthy, farfigus Matter lodg’d in the:
“Reins, or {permatick Parts, which either caufe a-tharpnefs in
- the Urine, or too trequently provokesit. This Kelick is
‘Tdiftoverable, partly by the fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by 4
*Cebility or ‘

averting Smell of the Urine, with a purulent Matter, or
‘fecuient Sordes; refiding at the Bottom, or flying in it, with
Variety of Figures, Farther, this ‘Tincture elpecially. carries
off all Relicks of the Venereal Difeafe, after ill managed

Cures, not only cleanfing the Urinary Paffages ot’ ail Sand, |.

" Grave], Films, or membrancous Pellicles, &c. but after a

fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftoring thent, and:

all thei genital Parts, to their original Tone and Ufe, though
the Misfortune and Deeay be of the longeft Date, with an e-
qual Succefs in each Sex. To be hud for ros. per Bottle, with
idirections for its Ufe, only athis Houfe, the Golden Head
and two Lamps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill. |

.,,. The Royal BEAUTIFYING FLUID.
Ww Each vaftly tranfcends any thing ever yet made publick,
and is really the nobleft fecret in nature to beautify the
Face, Neck and Hands, as moft of the firft Quality have ex-
perienced; for it gives an inexpreffible fine 2ir to the fea-
tures of the face on the fpot, and furprifing handfomencfs to
the neck and hands, on which Jaft account fevéral gentlemen
as well as ladics nfe it, and admire its fuperior excellency, it
b:ing indeed tar beyond any pafte, powder, wathbdall, or any
other thing whatever, for immediately making a rcd or rough
h-nd exceedingly fiooth, fine and delicately white, it cer-
tainly takes away all difagreeable rednefs, fpots, pimples,
heats, roughnefs, freckles, morvhew, worms in the face,
Sinturn, or any other difcolouring, almofe in an infcant ;
and removes all wrinkles fo perte-tly L
but even to reétify the defects of old age, making the Skin
become fo truly and incomp rably fine; clear, plu~p, foft
and charniing fair, as to caufe adiniration in all perfons; and
yet is nothing of paint, but far exceeds it, for it brings the
ikin; whether of the face, neck or hands, and tho’ biown,
red or rough, to its natural beauty and pertestion, viz. a
lafting youth ui
paint only faintly imitates, neither 1s this royal] bezutifier
prepared trom the Jcait particle of mercury or any thing
metalline, but is perfectly innocent and harmlef$, and may be
given inwardly, evento children. It hasalfo a pleafant fcent,
will not foil the fineft lawn, .and is fo fer from being -rouble-

-fometo ufe, that the nicefr ladies thinkit pleafant. Is to-be

had only-at Mr. .Radtord’s Toyfhop, at the Rofe and Crown
againft St. Clement’s Church Yard in the Strand, - near
Arundel Street: End, .at 3s. 6d. a Pottle with Directions
Beware of Counterfeits under other Names. | :

LL Inflamations and: Sorenefs of the EYES, Bloodfhor,
LX Deitixidn of Inatp Wwiiours, dimnefs of Sight, Specks,
Films, or beginning wd
_ Wonderful chymical~ Liquor’ lately found out, which imme-
diately Heals.and Cures all manner of SorenefS of fhe Eyes
in Children or-grown Peérfahs, tho’ of many Years ftanding,
and whether. procéeding -from the Evil, or any other Di-
Remper, and that withcut-tanfing the leaft Pain. or Une.-
fines in ufing ;;it effehially takes.away all Specks, Films,
oY incipient Cataraéts to admiration, ‘as-alfo all Flies, Gnats,
&e. that feem to-fwim betore the ‘Sight; it wonderfully.
ftrengthens the ick Neéryes, comforts the Eyes, certain-
ly removes all Dimnefs, clearing the Sight, and alluredly
preferving it ftrongz.and good to exceeding old Age; many.
who were fo very dim fighted for fome. Years, as {carcely
eh ng, have-been perfectly and al-
moft:inftantly cured by it, f as. -to reid. the {malleft Print
ithout :S sles 4 and for Opthalmits, ‘or fore Eyes, no
Meuicine: on- Earth; can eqame near.it, hundreds have been
cured dy: it iof the “very worft fort almoft upon the Spor,
and: Blindness} been prevented in Abundance who had tried
all otiver:. Remedics jn; vain, infomugh. that it maybe _al-
moft accounted a:-Miracleof a“:Medidine. fs fold only. by
the Gentlewoman at the Two Bhig -Pofts in Haydon-Yard
-in ‘the Minories, at 3s. 6d, ,4 Bottle with Directions. ..
—INCTURA NER VOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordial
T: Tin2turé for. the Nerves, being approved, experienced

dicament in. finking, langnifhing, and

and ‘never-falling, _ in, finking
all parali itick, foporo and @hvulfive’ Diftempers, ahd’ in’ a
AMMicti He Cf the, Head antthferves j ivinfallibly prevents. the
nid Efe ts'6f Coffee and * ae on the Necress, ‘whieh occafions
fn’ moft “People the aboye-men: pakd Diforder “(with ‘many.
" more, which you'll fee at larggin whe printed Book! of ‘Directi-
otis) Sut yet by fakin a feW Drops of thismoft flen fant deli
cate Cordial, 4 tHe firft Dim6f Coffee or. Tea, you may then

dtink At Liberty ; for this gr@at’ Medicine penetrates throngh
the ‘whole hervens Syitemne wd fo recrnits the Brain and Pr~-
cordia with a full Influx of exulting Spirits, which perform the
Bufinefs of vital Fundtion with freth’Alacrity, and-new Brisk-
~nefs so that the Pulfé, whiag lay feeble: Avanering, Naw

falls a. beating. vigo th gréat» Exadtnels; more:
over, it won y difperits Bear, Sadhafs, confnfed Bhonghry,
“Twitchings’ og sand Alms. difturbed Sleapy and -ali the
difmal Trait Of Vapors aiid Melancholy; It-likewife : tops
| Vomiting, puts oF arité Beet, proctres3 ibood A ite,
aot , "atthe: @qlden: Ball ia

Cornhill; over-agaihft the
Place, " Price as 6d. °

| y.at_ G. Strahan’ rk ll
Sold only at G, Strakan Re pal) xchange; ‘and. atinasathay 7

eaknef§ of the Back, a fetid naufeous, and

as not only to conceal, :

ful faimefs, fmoothnefs and delicacy, which |
el

sataratts, &e. abfolutely cur’d by a.

9
*
‘
*

—~—. +

HE VAPOURS in Women intallibly.cur'd in an La’
T ‘tent, as nevér to.retury again, by. am. admirable

‘chymical Secret, 2 few Drops of which takes off. ‘a Fit in,

a Moment,, difpels-Sadnefs, cleats the Hand, rakes away’
ail’ Sere Gldaines, "Dimnefs of sient Pluthings in’
the Face, &c. toa Miracie,; and moft ccrrpiniy prevents the j

 Vapours returning again; for by rooting ott the very Caufe;
“it perfectly cures, as ELundieds have experienced: It alfo

ftrengthens:the Stomaca and Bowcis, and caufes Livetinefs.

“and jettled Health: Is now fold only at Mr. Radford's Toy-

' ill-managed cures of the

_fline, or any other matter thatobitructs

_ tioned.

yop?

atthe’ Rofe and Crown againit Sc-tlement’s Chureh-
Yard in the Strand, near Arandel-Szreet ‘End. Price 2 s-
6d.a Bottle-with Directions: Beware of Counterfeits at o-
ther Places.’ . | SO
The Grand Specifick for cleanfing aud. ftrengthning the .°
Medicine thdt may be deperded on as tbfoldtely effeeiar
edicine that ma epended on.as 2bfolutely e iy
for’ carrying off by Urine, fafely and foecdily, rte the
Relicks of fecret, Injuvivs,: Remains 07 vernicious -unskilfaily”
prepared mercurials, g’eets, or weakneflés, through tedious or
managed Ci ut Venereal Difeate’; or from felt-no-
lution, inordinate coition ; alfo any weaknefles of the Veflels
from wrenches, ftrains, blows, or falls, and atlother obftrueti-
ons in the urinary paflages,. even ftranguaries; ulcers, &c. are -
perfectly cure by'it, be they of ever fo long ftanding- This
noble fpecifick is alfo of fingular and very extraordinary ufe
and efficacy, where there is any gravel, or even {mall {tones,
Cr N the urine; bringing
all awayin a few times taking, with faicry. It ftrengthens
and recovers, aftera peculiar manner, al! relaxations of the
veflels, confirms the parts, bringing all into right ordér, and
thereby perfects the cnre to admiration. . It’s a very leafant
medicine, and may be taken with nleafure; and will be found
of uncommon beneft-to mankind,’ beyond expedtation ;

whichis the reafon of its being made publick, and to obvi-

ate the ignorance of pretenders in -all the cafes above-men-;

Ine bortle, in moft cales,-is fificient tora perfeét -
cure, as you will fee by the dire*tions given with it. Sold for’
7.8. 6d, the bottle at Mr. Lockton’s toyfhop at the Griffin, ’

_ the corner of bucklersburyin the poultry, -

- Rottle.

r Po

_ _¥o Smell to, &c. -

THE moft Noble Volatile Smelling Bottle in the World;
. Which fmelied to, momentarily fetches the moft difmal
fainting or fwooning Fits, and ina Moment re noves Fluih-
Ings, Vapouts, Dulnefs, Head-ach, “Megrims, &ec. -It takes
off 1] heavy Sleepinefs, retards Swooning, keeps up the
Spirits to a2 Miracle, and by its Ufe admits of no Fainting,
but invigorates and enlivens the whale Man; recreates, and
makes chearftl, aithongh never fo fd, and in a-Moment
raifes all the fenfitive Facu’ties: Ie is alfo to be taken in-
wardly by Drops, which effestually takes off and erzdicates:
the very Caufes;, for it potently relieves, comforts and
ftrengthens the Brain, creates and corroborates a Stomach,
removes Sicknefs from it, helps Digefion, c’cwnfes the Blood,

and in a Worl, is the reateft Cephalick, Stomatick, He-,
romatick poifible; therefore is ex.

patick, and_powersil
tream necelary for all Gentlemen,
be carried in their Pockets. Sold now only at Mr.
ham’s Toyihop, at the Seven Stars und r St. Dunftan's
Church, Fleet-ftreet, and at Mr. King’s Picture Shop in the

ultry, at ‘2s.: Lo a

i “ay
. é he

Ladies, &c. alwars to

6d. each.

am [\ HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Comb;
; 2 Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage-
; Enn on Ludgate-Hill, is fold right. French
} Hungary Water, being the fame Sort fold
f feveral Years paft, and ig eafily diftinguiftied
J from the pernicious connterteit Sort fold a-
; bout the ‘Town, pretended: to be imported
Likewife the following foreign Com-
modities are fold at the fame Place, viz, _ -

arKke ..

‘AT the HUNGARY WATER WARE-

Right French Hungary Water, at 13. 3d the ‘Half-Ping. ,

Fine Florence Oil, at 2s. per Flask...” .
Right Irith Ufquebaugh, at 2s. the Halfpint Bottle. _.
' Find Orange-ilower.Water, at 1s 6d. per Blask. _«.
- Right Barbadoes Citron Water, at 14s, per Quart.
Right French Claret at 30 s. per Dozen. a
-Aj) Sorts of Leghorn and Bermuda Flatts far Ladies.
. N._B. There is a:Sign-Paper on cach Bottle and.Flask, te:
prevent Connterfeits. “_. . . es
The UNIVERSAL FAMILY MEDICINE, |
: To pe taken: any Scafon of fhe Year. It is alfo

_ 4 Certain’ 8nd: infallible, Cure ox.the SCURVY,’ of the-
A lotigeft :ftandirig, and: the. mnoft:3g

gravated Ciicumitanecea, -
by a’ Cordial Elixirs: fo, peculiarly adapted to tha t
ali its"Forms of appearing, from the fighteft itching Humour
in the:Blabd, to its ntmoft or lait. Effure on human Nature :

- ‘Te's rlot.a rugged: Purgative that difturbs the Patient in tat

from’ it,-helps. Dig

at it is the moft general Family Medicine |

king -it, but-a true di ure.
that Diftemper.by gentle Evacuation, by Sto} andDrine,
and fo powerfully rectifies the Blood arid Juices, that fcro-
hulous Cifes are‘alfo fpéedily cured by it: and ail Spots,
Blotches, Pimples, &c. on the Skin, are quickly and ehtirgs
ly ‘taken, off.. it isa Cordial in he Sgomach, removesall Pain |
fom’ it igeftion, and is fo particularly adapted toaik
is, hawt, to be taken Spring and Fall, . to: pred
on Vuddle-Dock Hill neay

4dtd At the Golden Balt
N Sereat at's ottle. Where good Allowance’

“at-3s. the Bottle.

> is git nay Whotefile to Country Shopkeepers, &c.. (one in a

* 1anG gens. -Garce

City, or Town) to icine wi
are largpattd fy :’The Medicine will kcep inany. Years.”

,
“oe
7

Poaguegt hs 2° "er

“s hd , om yd

apted to that Difeafe in. -

pecifick Cordial; that perfectly cures. —

L,

gid eat Tt hindetsno Bufinefs or Recreation in taking.
-f a .

} to fell-again. The Diretions: given with ig:
 "Advertisements and Notices." Mist's Weekly Journal, 30 Oct. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection,
link.gale.com/apps/doc/Z2000786203/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 