" SarurDay, JUNE 19, 1725.

peter N my lat I began to enter upon} When his Troubles came upon him, I vifired] Mr.. MIST, |
tee the Charaéter of the late celebra-| him, in order to found what his Sentiments were OU, who ‘have very lately profels'd your
4 ted Mr. Yonathan Wild, of mott in-| of his own Condition, For, asit Was re-{ ~ felf an open Excemy ta all P lick Impofi-
genious and moft rognifo Memory ; —| ported, thac there would bea numerous Train of tions of what Nacure or Kind foever, and have
but, I find now, that I only drew | Indi&ments broughr againft him, fome of which, drawn your Pen with fuch uncommon Warmth
ae the Out-lines of his Figure, and} were for Crimes ong fince committed, I was wil- and Impartiality upon a potent Bookfeller, for
that much remains’ ftill undone towards givirgjling to know of him, whether he intended to his exorbitant Demands in the Publication of ang-
the World a right.Idca, not only of the Capacity plead the A& of Grace 3 To which he anfwer'd {ther Man's Works, mu{t needs (I perfuade my
of this exrraordinary Man, but of that Plan‘in the Negative, adding, that he fcorn’d it ; — ifelf) countenance mé in animadvertin upon 4
which he. had form’d to himfelf fur the Condu& | for, fuys he, an A& of Grace is to fome People like ;Country Theological Author, who expoles to Sale
and Government of Life. - , a, a Harbour to Pyrates, where they lay up in Safe-'his own Divine Compofitions (tho’, God kndves
Therefore I think fic to obferve, that as his}ty what they have pillaged upon the open Sous 5. flat and jejune enough in all Confcience) at an
known Intimacy with fome Perfons ‘of confider-{ whereas a Man of trac Spirit would rather keep j unreafonable Rare, and after a Manner perfectly

able Rank gave Men Occafion to fufpea thar hej the Seas, and truft his own Courage and Refolu-| novel and uuprefidented. Ty,
was, at Bottom, the Projector, at leaft Advifer}tion than to have Recourfe to fuch Shifts as{ The Method of a-voluntary Subferidtion forthe
of feveral very ftrange Things, which, of late} plainly difcover both his Guilr and his Fear.——~ | Works of the Learned is doubtless a very jult and
Years have appeared in the World (to his no Many fuch wife Sayings often drop d from tim, ‘laudable Invention, inafmuch (as you Haye jus
Small Diferedit.) —— As I would give the Dewl| which I have laid up in the Table of my Me-jdicioufly obferv'd in one of your Jate Papers}-i¢
his Due, fo I fhall endeavour to clear him from mory, defigning. forme. Time or other, to pub-| tends. greatly to the Improvement of all Branches
thofe falfe Afperfions which feem to blacken his lith them for the univerfal Good of Mankind. of Learning, and encourages Men of Parts ig
Memory, being willing to fet the World right in} Though the Application of this Simile was juft well to apply themfelves to Study,- as to publifty
that Affair. and well hic, yet F- fufpe&ed there was a litrle their Labours for the prefent Coed, as well ae
Among other Things, he intirely difclaim’d his| Vanity in the Declaration ; and that, as the Fox, that of Pofterity: Bur the Enormity I ami now ae
having any Hand in the late Soxth-Sea Scheme,] whe could not come at the Grapes which : his Bout to complain of, is, a compulfive Subfcriptiori.
and protefted he had no Acquaintance with Mr.{ Chaps water’d at, faid, at going off, they were I am an Inhabitant, Mr. Mift, of a Country
Robert Knight ; nor would he own that he was any {fowre ; fo fonathan fiighted the A& of Grace, | Village, within three Miles of London, and our
way concern’d in the Bubble c all'd the Babamat from a Confcioufnefs that he could not be pro-|Parfon has lately (for his own Benefir, and the
Ifands, nor in the Welf> Copper, nor in the Br.tfs, tected by ic; therefore I pur the Queftion to him ‘{piritual Edification of his Flock) printed in three

or Iron, or Deal Boards, or any of thofe ridiculous | direGly, whether he thought his Crimes could, | Volumes, the Pra@tical Difcourfes which ‘he

Projets which in thofe Times flaried up every} by any ConftruGion, come under the Cover of ithe | for many Months been delivering to us from the
Day.in *Change-Adey, and died in a Week’ ——-~ | faid Ad? -— -He made me no dire Antwer,' Pulpit, ‘and for the more ‘Speedy Difpo&d of his
Not that it would have difturb’d his Confcience} bur fmil'd, and faid, The AE was not of bis draw-ilarge Inoprefiion, has left “(without our Order,
to have got Money that Way (which he frankly | ing up. | on __  |Privicy ar Confenr) at each of our refpettive
owri'd to me;) but his Pride was fuch, that he But finee I have taken Notice of his Erudition, ‘ Houfes, a Sett, a Free-will Offering : Bur nor-
- {corn’d to be concern’d in any Rogwery where there | and hinted at his wife Sayings, [ think it will nor|withftanding fuch Prefent of the DoGor's, as f,
; was not fome Wit and Ingenuity in the Contri-|be amifs to inform the World, that - for fome :(and I fpeak the Senfe of the greater Part of the
' vance, and fome Danger in the Execution ; there-{ Years paft, at his leifure Hours, he employed ,P arith ) underftood ir, yet the Gratification fér
fore he ufed to fpeak with the urmoft Contempt | himfelf conftantly in writing the Hiffory of b's own | his divine Fayours was not. (as in Juftioe it ought)
| of a Sort of Men known by the Name of Yen-| Times, which Hiftory he was pleas‘d to put into. left to our own Generofity and Difcretion, but
fieners; an Office, he faid, no Man of the leaft {my Hands, having firft exafted Promise from; both my felf and fome other Heterodox Neigh-
y Spirit or Parts would accept, becaufe the Bufincls | me not to publith it rill {even Years after bis Death, bours, have fome time fince been oblig‘d to pay
may be done by Idests, as well as Men of Sente, | which Requeft, as I intend religioufly to obferve, our moft reafonable Paftor three half ‘Quineas a
and he was for putting them upon a Foot with Sca- | I hope my courtcous Correfpondenrs, to whom jplece, for what we could in a fair open Marker
vengers ; and he often rotelted he never made} I am fomctimes obliged, and whofe Curiofity (no! have purchas‘d for three haléCrowns, in Difcharge
“  ufe of any (though the World fufpe&ed he did,){ doub:) will be rais’d up to a Pitch of Impatience, of a Debr (ashe terms it) moft juftly contraGed:
{wearing he never would give them Bread, for | wiil not expe@ or defire thar I fhould inviolate] I declare, Mr. Mift, Iam far from being an
he would have no Fools in his Commonwealth. —{ the faid Promife by publithing any Part of thefe | Znemy either to Ptvinity or the Profeffors o its
The Succefs of all his Enterprizes was owing} Memoirs in my weekly Labours, till the faid} yet a Man by no means can bear to be cramm'd.
to that State-Maxim of taking Times and Opportu-| Time is expired. | Nothing furel can be more difa reeable to an in
‘nities, which he ftri@ly obferv’d ; and which, he{ 1 fhall only obfervein gencral, that the faid ;genuous Mind than Force. A Man of Senfe' de-
faid, was the Life and Soul of Bufinefs, as might | Hiftory is very curious in its Kind, a great many ‘tefts the being bullyed ont of'a Penny, when with

be feen by what was done in his Expedition to | State Intrigues being there laid open and accoun- Pleafure, he beftows a Pound by way of Donation.
the Inftalment at Windfor, where he fucceeded, inj ted for, and the fecret Caufes which produced | Totell you the 'Fruth, I amalmoft a Stranger to
laying hold of Things he never could have come} them difcover'd, that it is, as to Stile and Truth, the Doftor, -and have no Averfion to the NV an,
at, if that Opportuniry had been flipp'd. | Matter much preferrabic to another Hiftory of but his infolent, and arbitrary Manner ‘of Prd.
He communicated to me a Deltgn he had of | the fame Kind lately publifh’d, and is free both ceedings ; aJi that I aim aris publickly to Beg of
getting a 'L'rearife wrote de Legibus Nature ;. under} from the Vanity and Rancour which makes up him to trear me no longer asa Friend, nor to
’ hich Title, Theft, and all Kinds of Knavery | the greateft Part of thar Hiftory, load me with any more of his Prefents (for f afure
fhould-be recommended as vertuous and honour-}° Bur now that I’ve faid fo much of this extraor-; him, if he does, I fhall make him as valuable Re-
able Actions ; and that they were juftifiable by | dinary Man, methinks his CharaGer muft fill ap~ turns). bur allow me the Liberty pf the common
the Laws of Nature, which teach us to feck our | pear imperfe&, unlefs1 give fome Account of his Market, whére his Wares are fufficiently expofed,
own:Good ;. and that he intended to employ the

OY PR 1

ing no Englifoman altogether indifferent apon thofe _fufe them ar pfeafire,

ingenious Pen of the Author of the Fable of the th ! oe
Rees for that Purpofe, whom he ‘look'd upon to} Articles.-—As to Religion he was a Freethink- - Tam your very humble Servant, | Tee
er, and I'm afraid, a little inclin’d to Atheifm, (if FREELOVES"

r be equal to the Subje& ; and he confefs'd to me,
that it was he who gave that Author the Hint of
a Thing which makes fo confiderable a Figure in
hisBook, viz. that where he endeavours to prove
robbing on the: Highway to De for the Good of the

* Publick.

I may. be.allow’d to call that a Religion.) As to
Party, be was both in Principle and PraQice ¢

[Price "I'wo Pence.} jou cate . + fhis Fleet ro Sea every Summar, in order to i

MIST’s WEEKL YF OURNAL. _ [Nume, 3

ce FOREIGN AFFAIRS “
right Modern Whig, according to the Definition We are advifed by Leteers from Petershpeg, «
of thofe Gentlemen, which is éxpref'd in thie that the Empref$ imitataa the Policy of the Tart 4

“ee,

theit Motto.—-Keep what you get, and get. what Czar her Confort; who was accuftamed to fend, Cy

“vex

€
Principles both as to Church and State, there be-.and a Man may, upon Examination, chufe Or ra" ax -

—
 ercife his Searnen, and amufe the Werld,—there
being now a Squadron of Men of War ready to
fail, witha Brest Number of Tran{ports, an which
~~ the Body of twelve thoufand Land Forces are to
“be embarqu'd. Jr is alfa fajd, that the Swedes
are equipping a Squadron, and preparing a fufh-

cient Number of Tranfports to carry fix thou-
_ fand Land Forces, which are to join thofe of
- Ruffia; bur what all this Expence and Preparg-
. tion is for, they do not pretend to tellus. Ir is
—alfo faid, that three Ruffian Men of War have
fately pafs’d the Sound ; but whither bound, or
upon what Defign, is made a Secret. In the
. mean time the Empre(s omits no Occafion of in-
_ gratiating herfelf with the Soldiery, as thinking

herfelf fafe from the Attempts of thofe who may
be difconrented at a Foreign Government, while
they (the Solciers) continue her Friends. The
fignal Piece of Juftice fhe lately executed on a
Bithop, for fuifering fome publick Money to ftick
too clofé to his Fingers, hus done her no {mall
Service among the People, fhe having banifh’d
_him to Siberia, to pafs the reft of his Days a-
mong Beurs.

Our Advices from feveral Courts take Notice,
that fome Princes are about fending Minifters to
compliment King Staniflaus on the Marriage of
his Daughter, the Princefs Mary, with the moft
Chriftian King. —— Thus this. great, but unfor-
tunate Prince, who has liv'd many Years as if he
_ had been forgot, is now canefs'd and complimen-
ted by thofe who feem to refpe& nothing but
Fortune. :

_. The Pope has put an End to the Lateran Coun-
cil, with the unanimous Confent of all rhe Mem-
bers, upon which Occafion a folemn Proceffion
was made, and Thanks given to God in the like
Manner as at the opening of it, with the ringing
of all the Bells in the City of Rome, &c.
LONDON, Fune ig.

On the 8h Inftant a Patent pafs'd the Broad
Seal for Mr. Newfham’s Inyentton, the Meaning
of which he has publish’d at large by an Adver-
tifemenc in this Paper.

_ "‘Thurfday the Ceremony was perform’d of in-
; fealling the Knights of the Bath Order, with very
great Magnificence. The Proceffion was made
_from the Prince’s Chamber to the Abbey-Church
of We minfter, with Drums, Trumpets, &c. Af-
ter which, a fumpruous Entertainment was pro-
vided for them; the Knights dined in the Court
of Requefts, their Squires in the Painted Cham-
ber, and the Heraldsin the Court of Wards. It
is fuid, all this Finery coft upwards of 30,0001.
" "The Pyrates encreafe again in the American
Part of the World, anddo great Mifchief. From
‘ Barbadoes they write, that a Ship belonging to

Bridge-Town was.Jately taken by them ; and af-
ter they had plunder’d her, they put the Men
down in the Hold, faften’d the Hatches upon
them, and then fhot a Hole in her, and funk her,
awe In the Guiph of Florida they haye taken
the Mermaid, Capfain Underwood, and the Jane
and Mary, Captain Mortland, both bound from
the Bay of Honduras to Boffon ; the latter they
‘alfo funk,

The Jane, Capt. Wilkinfon, from London to
Maryland, was lately loft on Mackapungo Shoals,
near Virginia.—— The John and Mary, Captain
Logan,. bound from Jamsicg to Virginia, was loft.
with all her Men, in the Gulph of Florida.——~
The Mary, Captain Laborious Pierce, bound

of April.
A Special Commiffion hath pafs'd the Seals for
~ the Trial of Caprain Robert Elfton, for the Mur-

ther of Jofeph Weft and John Arkinfon, in Gui-

from Surinam to Virginia, was loft on the a

nea, It was thought he would have been try’d at
the late Seffjons of Admiralty ; hut fome Wit-
nefles being egyamjned before the Council, the
Fatts with which heis charg’d did not appear to
be committed on’ the High Seas, but in a River
up in the Country, and fo nor within the Jurif-
diioh of the Admiralty,

Leicefter, Wed. July 28, atthe Calle of Letcefer, 5

Town of Leizefter, Thurfday July 29, at Leicefter,

City of Coventry. Saturday July 31, at Coventry.

Warwick, The fame Day at Herswick. :
Northern Civcitit.

Mr. Baron Price, Mr. Juftice Reinolds. |

City of Tork. July 10, at the Guildhall of York, :

We have terrible Accounts from moft Parts of | County of York, fame Day at the Caftle of York, -

the Kingdom, of the Mifchiefs that have been
done by the Rains and Floods, particularly in
Oxfordfhire, Worcefterfhire , Gloucefterfhire, and
Shropfhire, where a great deal of Hay is carried
away by the Warers, Carcle drowned, &c.
Ac Stony-Stratford in Buckinghamfhire, feveral
Families are obliged to live in upper Rooms.—
In Cambridge fhire feyeral Hundred of Sheep drown-
ed in their Fenns,——-In Northamptonfhire and o-
ther Northern Counties the Waggons can’t travel,
fome Horfes drowned in the Road.

Marriages. Laft Week Bulftrode Peachy, Efq;
Member of Parliament, was married to the Wi-
dow of the late William Knight, Efq; of Wett-
Deanin the County of Snffex.--Sir Wm, Middleton,
Bart. toa. Daughter of Wm. Ettericke of the Bi-
fhoprick of Durham, Efq;—The Ear] of Pembroke
to Mrs. How, !Maid of Honour ta the Princefs.

Deaths and Cafualties. Yofeph Collet, Efq; for-
merly Governor of Fort St. George, on Sunday
jaft ar Hertford Caftle. Edward Barkham,
a King's Scholar at Weftminfter School, aged 17.
Laft Week an old Batchelor, aged 83, at
South-Cadbury in Somerferfhire, hang’d himfelf.
A Penfioner of Greenwich Hofpital pull’d
off his Shoes, and flung himfelf out of a Window
in the faid Hofpiral, and made his Exit.—~A Pri-
foner cut his Throat in the Murfhalfea Prifon. —
One Mr. Bifhop, near Spilsby in Lincolnthire, cut
his Mother's Throat, and afrerwards killed his
Man. —~——ee- A Soldier killed jn a Dyel at
Whitehall,

Norfolk Circuit.
Ld. Chief Jultice Raymond, Mr. Jultice Tracy.
Bucks. Monday July 12, at the Town of Bucks.
Bedfordfire. Thurt. uly 15, at the Town of Bedford,
Huntingdon Sat. July 17, at the Town of Huntingdon.
Cambridge. Mond. July tg. at the Caftle of Cambr.
Suffolt. 'Thurfday July 22, at Bury St. Edmunds.
Norfolk. Monday July 26, at the Caftle of Norwych.
Gity of Norwych, fame Day at the new Hall in Norwyeh,

Oxford Circuit.

Lord Chief Juftice Eyre, Mr Baron Hale.
Berks, Monday July 19, at Abingdon.

Oxford. Wednefday July 21, at Oxford.

Wercefter. Saturday uly 24, at Worcefter.

City of Worcefter, the fame Duy Cattle of Worcefter.

Staffordpire. Wednefday July 28, at Stafford.

Salp. Monday Augult 2, at Shrewsbury.

Herefordfire. Saturday Auguft 7, at Hereford.

Monmouth, Thurfday Auguft 12, at Monmouth,

Gloucefter. Saturday Auguft 14, at Gloucefter.

City of Gloucefter, the fame Day at Gloucefter,
Home Circuit.

Lord Chief Baron Gilbert, Mr. Juftice Dormer.

Hertford. Mon. July 12, atthe Town of Hertford.

Effex. Wednef July 14, at the Town of Chelmsford.

Kent. Monday July 19, at Maidffone.

sufex. Monday July 26, at Horbanz.

Surrey. Wed. July 28, at Kineton upon ToAMes.

| . Midland Civcutt.

Mr. jutice Powys, Mr. Baron Page.
Northampton. 'Tuelday July 13, at Northampton.
Rutland. Friday July 16, at Oakham.

Linceln. Mond. July 19, at the Caftle of Lincoln.
City of Lincoln, The fame Day at Lincoln.
Nottingham. 'Thurfday July 22, at Nottingham,
Town of Nottingham. Friday July 23, at Nothinghanz.
Derby. Saturday July 24, at Derby.

Durham. Wed. July 21, at the Caftle of Durham.
Town of Newcaftle upon Tyne, Monday July 26, af
the Pacatt oF che fad Town. Y Jy 26, m
County of Northumberland, the fame Day at the Ca-
ftle of Newcaftle upon Tyne.
Cumberland, 'Tucf Augutt 3, at the City of Carlifte,
Weftmorland, Saturday Auguft 7, at Applebee.
Lancafter. Thurf, Aug. 12, at the Caftle of Lancaftes.
- — Weftern Circutt. :
Mr, Juftice Fortefcue, Mr. Juftice Denton. !
Southampton. Wed. July 7, at the Caftle of winche et
Town of Southampton. July 10, at the Guildhall,
Wilts. Saturday July 10, at New Saves. ot
Dorfet. "Thurfday July 15, at Dorchefter.
Somerfet. July 19, at Bridgwater,
Cornwall, July 27, at Bodmyn,
County and City of Exeter, Monday Augutt 2, at the,
Guildhall of Exeter.
Devon. 'The fame Day, at the Caftle of Exeter.
County and City of Briftol. Auguft 9, at Briffot.
On tne 7th of Ma laft, a notable Tryal came on|
before the Lord Chief Baron Eyre, in his Majefly’s Court!
of Exchequer, on the Account of Horns, pretended to be:
wrought, on which a Cuftom.Heufe Officer was Pro.
fecutor, as well for bs Majefly as kemfelf, and the
Royal African Company of England, Defendant: The
Company of Horners prow'd the Goods unwrought, and
the Cuffom-Houfe Officer proved a legal Seizure, fo that
by a Verdi&t the fame was forfeited, and alfo double the.
Value, by Virtue of an Adt of Parliament of Edward:
the Ivth. and Fames the Ift. 3
To Morrow wilt be preached tave Charity Sevmions at
the Parifh Church of Weft-Ham? near Stratford, in the
County of Effex, for the Benefit of the Charity Children
of the Parifh aforefaid ; that in the Morning by the Re-;
verend Dr. Bennet of St. Giles’s Cripplegate; and that.
in whe Afternoan by the Reveren.l De. Knight, of St. S¢-

pulchres.
nt publitn'a, the 6th Editiorf of :
*{" I. ESSAYS upon feveral Moral Subjects. In Three!
Parts. Upon Pride Uuelling, Gencral Kindnefs, the Weak-
nefs of Human Reafon ; on Mu%ck, the Value of Life, the
Spleen Eageracts of Defire, Friendhhip, Popularity; a
Thought, of the Entertainment of Books, Envy, againit ‘
Defpair, of Covetoufnefs, Liberty, Old Age, Pleaflrc, of
Pain, Revenge, Authors, Power, Riches and Poverty.
Whoredom, Dri
By peemy Collier, A. M.

t

A more and eafy Method with the Deifts; wherein the '
Truth of the Chriftian Religion is demonttrated by infallible |

roof from four-Rules, which are incompatible to any Impo- :

fture that ever yec has been, or can poflibly be. To which is
added, a fecond Parttothe Jews, | .

III, DESIDERIUS; or, the Original Pilgrims; fhewing
the moft compendious Way toartive atthe Love of God. By
Laurence Howel, A, M. ;

All three printed for G. Strahan at the-Golden Ball over-
againft the Royal Exchange itt Cornhill. - .

This Day is publish’dthe 3d Edition of,

*,*" A General Hiftory of the PYRATES, from their firft

Settlement in the Ifland of Providence to the prefent ‘Time :

Female Pyrates, Read, and Anne_Bonny, containe
in Chapters, treating of the following Captains and their
Crews, viz. Avery, Martel, Teach, alias Black-beard, Bon.
net, Engiand, Vane, RKackum, Davis, Roberts, Anftis, Wor-
ley, Lowther, Low, Evans, Phillips, Sprig, aad Smith, aliss
Gow, who was executed on briday at Exceution Dock. Printed
for T’, Warnerat the Black-boy in Pater-NofterRow. Pr. gs.
‘for a Tavern, Cndee-

To be Lett
A Large commodious Honft, fit
Honufe or Ale-Houfe, fituated in a very good Part ofthe
City. Enquire of'the Printer of this Paper, and know further.
This Day is publifhej, for March, being the Third. .
*_* New Memoirs of Litcrature, containing an Acewint
of new Books printed both at Home and Abroad, with Dif
fertations upon feveral Subjects, mifcellancous Oderpti-
ons, &c. to be publifhed monthly. Price 1s. each, M B.
April will be publifi'd ina few Days, Printed for William

Jand John Innys, at the Welt End of St, Paul's, ,

-

runkennefS, Gaming, Solituic, Difcontent. -

t

z

With the remarkable Actions and Adventures of the twa
‘

i
,

ae.

_ tw mae. ay we

aa OS ea FO tet et OL, Viet A ro |
 his Bay is pubtifhed, beautifully printed on Cuperfine Paper.
a The SAGRED CLASSICS defended and iltuftrated :
Or, An Effay humbly offer’d towards proving the Purity,
Propriety, and tme Elequence of the Writcrs of the NEV
TESTAMENT. In two Parts. In the firft of which thofe
divine Writers are vindicated againft the Charge of barba-
rous Language, falfe Greek, and Solecifms. Tn the fecond 35
fhewn, tha all the Excellencies of SFYLE, and fublime
Teanties of Language and genuine Eloquence, do abound in
the facred Writers of the New Teftdment. Withan Account
of their Style and Charatter, and a Reprefentation of their
Suveriority, in feveral_Inftanees to the belt Claffics of Greece
and Rome. By A. BLACKWALL, M. A. Printed for
(. Rivington at the Bible and Crown in St. Paul’s Church-
Yard, and W. Cantrell, Bookfeller in Derby.

 Alfo this Day is publifhed, the third Edition of +

- Mr. BLACK WALL!’s Introduction to the Clafficks ; con-
taining a fhort Difcourfe on their Excellencies; and Directi-
ens how to ftudy them to Advantage; with an Effay on the
Nature and Ufe of thofe emphatical and beautitul Figures
which give Strength and Ornament to Writing.

IKS printed, and fold by J. Stone, under the Crown
OO Ree -houte againft Bedford-Row, Jockey-Fields.
¥.* Crecch’s Lucretius, 2 Vols. 8vo.10s. Drelincourt on
Death abridg’d, 12mo. 28. Hiftory of Romances, by Huet,
“tst Like and Character of Jane Shore.6d. Lift of

3 - 1S, a.
William Fuller, 12mo.1s.6d. Paftorals, by Mr. Philips, 6d.
Tale of a Tub, r2mo._ Cuts and Notes, 2s. 6d. Where may

be had the full Value for any Library or Parcel of Books,
‘This Day is publith’d,

*_* Mr. Kirkall’s Twelve Prints in Chiaro Ofcuro, from
the original Drawings of the beft Mafters. Thofe Subfcri-
hers who have not had cheir Setrs, may receive them at the
Avthor’s in Wine-Office Court_in Fleet-ftreet. There is
likewife publithed, fix Academy Figures with a Frontifpi-ce,
drawn from the Life, by the late Mr. Cheron. Alfoa Mo-
numernttal Defign, with the Effigies of Sir Chriftopher Wren :
drawn by Mr. H. Cooke inn Imocerial haffSheet, with fe-
verat other Prints not publithed before; all fold by tue Au-
thor and the Printfellers in London.

Hereas in Mift’s Weekly Journal, on Saturday the soth
W of February 1725, as alfo in other papers of the fame
isadvertis'd a powder lately tinport+d, which
in every refpect fully anfwers the uf of Coffee, and there be-
ing a larger demand than was exuced, ftverat perfans went
without ; care will be taken for the future to nrevent the
like, a large parcel being jutt arrived exceciing finc and good,
which may be tafted at the firtt houf: on the left hand in Reil-
Savage-Yard on Livigite Hill np, one pair gf A BN ek
a vantity may be had at as. 6d per pound. N. o
pe Baan mes deal > iy cvil! anfwer witkout mixhire 0
Coffee, and hath been much approved on finse the Adver-
tiement. :
mrsQ) be feen 2 great Curiofity in Nature, a Sea-Lyon’s
Head, at tbe Sion of the Cunidin Mai-ten-Lane, South-
wark. Note, It has never before been expos'd to pub-
lick View.
Cn Tuefday next will be publith'd,

date, and fin-e

=*
Mr. Samnel Rillinglley, A. M. Archdeacon of Surrey, &e.
at Horley, June 6 rzzc. By Timothy Stileman, B. D.
Chaplain to the Right Honour:b‘e the d Howard of Ef-
fingham. To which is ad‘ied, The Epitaph engraven on his
Tomb. Sold by D. Midwinter, at the Three Crowns in St,
Paul’s Church-Yard. Price Four Pence.

‘ <.¢ »
This Dry is publithed, the gth Edition, of

** Every Bodies Bufinefs is no Boties Bufin. fs; or, ori-
vate Abufes publick Grievances; exemplified in the Pride,
Infolence, and exorticant Wages of our Women Servants,
Footmen, &c. witha Propofal for Amendment of the fime ;
as 2lfo for cleanfing the Streets of thofe Vermin call'd Shac-
cleaners, and fubftitnting in their Stead many Thoufands of
tndaftrions Poor, now ready to ftarve. By Andrew More-
ton, EG; Printed for W. Meadows, at the Angel in Corn-
hill; and fold by T. Warner at the Black-Boy tn_Pater-No-
fter-Row; A. Dodd, without Temple-Bar, and E. Nutt at
che Royal-Exchange. Price Six Pence.

NY Perfon that wants to hire a milch Afs, may be in-
f\ formed of one that gives a Pint of Milk in a Morning,
at Poole’s Cofize-houfe near Bifhop's-gate, or at the Crown
at Harlow, in Effex She is to be let fur twenty Shillingsa
Month. Any Pe:fon that wants to be fatisfy'd of the Guo-
nefs of the Afs, Mr. Poole will fendthem to a Gentleman
whofe Friend has it now.

W Heres it hath been induftriouly reported, thar Simon

Barnes at the Black Bull next the Greyhound Inn in {

the Borough of Southwark (the firft Spreader and Maker of
the beft Cane and Whaiebone Hooping in England) hath le't
off making thereof, which is grear Damagz to him Trading.
This is therefore to certify whom it may concern, that thofe
Reports are faife and groundlefs, and that he ftill continues
the faid Bufinefs to better Satisfaction than ever, where all
Shopkeevers and others may be furnifked with any Quantity,
and alfo with whole Cane, ac reafonable Rates, . .
Juft publifn’d,

*,* VIRGIL's Husbandry, or arother Effay on the Geor-
gics ; being the firlt Book, rranflated into Englifa Verft. To
Which are added, the Latin Text, und Mr. Dgyden’s Verfion,
With Notes Critical and Ruftick, * | oo

Inftruct the lik ning World sow MARO fings
OF ufefiul Subjects, and of Igfty Things,
Rofeammon, Effay en Tranfht. Verfe.
Sold by J. Pomberton in Fleer-Street, and William and Jobn
Tonys, a¢ the Weft-End of St, Paul’s} Pricess. -

A Sermon preach'd at the Funeral of the Reverend .

| cadilly, at 38. 6d. each Bottle. Where may

Honk, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Place iy Cc:

On Monday lat was publificd the
ae lila with la e Additiong of ..’ , .',
4." A VIEW of LONDON and WESTMINSER , or,

the TOWN-SPY Contuinihg, amongft many others di-

verting Matec 13,new Votez and mes of the Irifh-Society

of Feytune-Hunters, Of the Lawyers of Se.”Clement's_arid

St. Dunftan’s, the kept Lliftrefies ac St. Andrew's, the High

and Low-Church Mobs at St. Brides, the Blickfryers Prin-

ters, and the Ludgate-hill Meicers. An Account of Jonathan

Wilde's Funeral Proceffion, and of a furprizing Specifick for

the Cure of felonious, frauduleat and corrupt Habits, being an

Handkerchief dipt in his Blood, highly neceff ry tobe ufed at

thistime in great Rritain. A Churaeter of a City Church-war-

den, the Cutloms of the Citizens on the “abbath-Day,; the

Pride, Intrigues and Degencracy of the City Wives; of the

Band of Petticoat Penfioners begetting young Merchants and
hopkcepers ; alfo of the adventures of N--rt- n and Kod--ig»,

two famous Stalians, &c. Sold by T. Wamer, at the Black

Boy in Pater Nofter Row, and by the Bookfeliers of Lon-

don and Weftminfter. Price one Shilling. -

Juft publifhed,

*1* Atnic, authentick and impartial Hiftory af the Life
and glorious Actions afthe CZAK of MUSCOVY: From
his birthto hisdeath. Containing, I. an cxact account of his
title, defcent, family and iffue. II. His deteétion of the
feveral plots formed agiinft him, and his punifhment of the
confpirators. ILI. His wars with tue turks, fwedes and po-
landers; and his fuccefsful and unparalicled conquefts over
thofe people. IV. His Travels into Europe, &c. for the im-
rovement of arts, fciences, military difcipline and naval at-
ais, more particularly to Germany, Holland, and the courts
of England and France. V. His remarkable fpeech at his
requun home. VI. His proceedings againft the Czarowitz his
fon, his nomination of a fucceffur, ‘his ficknefs, death and
interment. ‘The whole compiled from the Ruffian, High
Dutch and French languages, State-papers, and other publick
authorities. Printed tor A. Betrefworthin Pater Nofter Row,
G. Strahan; W. Meadows in Comhill; J. Stage in Wefz-
minfter Hall; Af Gravesin St. James's Street ;- e Chapman
in pali-mall; Q.Frankling in Covent Garden; J. Harding
in St. martin’s lime; 'T. EAlin in the Strand, and J. Jackfon
near St. James's Honfe, price ss.

This Day is publith’d, the ad olume (with a compleat In-
. dcx to beth Volumes, end a Map of the Reads by Mr.
oll) o

*.* A Tour thro’ the vhole Ifland of Great Britain, divi-
ded inta.Circuit or Journies. Giving a particular and diver-
ting account of whatever is Curious and worth Obfrvatioa,
viz. I. a Defcripticn of the piincipal Cities and- Towns,
their Sinacticn, Mognitude, Government and Commeree.
Diverfions, and Emzioyme:c cr thy People. FFL. The Pro-
duce and imorovement of the Lanux rhe Trade and Manufa-
@ures. °V. The [ea vorts and Fe-tifications, the Courfe of
Rivers, and the {Inland Navigation. V. The publick Edifi-
ces, ects, and Palaces of the Nobility and Gentry. With ufe-
ful Chfeiv tions upon the whole. Particularly fitted for the
reading of fuch as defire to travelover the [fland. Bya Gen-
tleman. Printed ana “oid by G. Strahan in’ Cornhill; W.
Mears, 2t the Lamb without Temple-bar; R.Francklin, un-
der T “ms Coffee-hon’!, Covent-Garden ; S.Chapman, and J.
jacifon, in Pall-Mall; and J. “tegg, in Weltmifter-Hall.

. Juft publithed, |

*.* A Collection of Sermons by Mr. Collier, at ¢s. per Bopk
in Shee: s, large Pavcr ros. Te be had of Mr. Smith and
the Anthor, acthe elt the Corner of Lambs-Condnit Paf-
fage in e1-Lion rtreet Helhorn Where may be had the
Author's Ecc:e-iaftical Hiftory, and appendix to Morery’s
Dictionary. : mc

Steen or ftrayed, on Thurfday Night the rothof {ne out
US the Greunds of Air John Phillip§ of Camberwell, in the
, County. f Surry, 2 Black Thic!: Punchion Gelding, about 14
Han’s and a health gh, with a little white Snip on his Fore-
heed ; he ges very wid: bebind; a thort Swith Tail; and ful
7 Yearsold. Ifoffered to be folit you are defired to (tap both
the Horfe and Perfin ; and whofoever brings the faid Horfe to
) Mr. Henry farmer, 2 Corn-Chandler, in
the Parkin Scu:hwark, in the fais County; thall reecive ofhim
2 Guineas Reward for the fame, and all reafonabic Charges.

: Te ROYAL CORDIAL TINCTURE, whofe Excel-
: lencies have been fexmerly mentioned in rhis Pa Tr, it
| being the moft £ vereign Medicine, and eifectual Cure tor
the Cholick, healing the Bowels, creating Appetite, and re-
ftoring Healih ; as likewife preventing the Gout trom entrin
into the He.d or Stomach. Sold only at Mr. V. Grimftead's
yat the Black Swan, in St Panl's Church-Yard ; Mrs. Cooper's
, Toyfhop, the Corner of Chartes-Street in the Strand, and
by the Maker, at the Green Lamn in Swallow-Streer, Pic-
; be likewife had
the true Holt Water, for {corbutick Humours.

Again the VENEREAL DISEASE
HE tamous Italian ROLUS, has {0 great.Succefs in
the Cure of the Venereal Difeafe, that nat one of the
i great Numbers that daiy take it mifs gq" 2 perfect Cure; and
though fo very cheap as 28. 6d. each, yet four Boluflés never
fail to root out and carry off grant, virulent,

‘J

ot ONE | : the moft mali
. and obitinaté kind of the venereal Difeafe, without Confine-
iment, or making your Cafe known to any ; which, if it fails
. to do, the Money isreturned. This great Medicine likewite
deftroys Mercury, and carries it ont of rhe Rody, and thereby
relieves thofe unfortunate Perfons who have fallen into bad
Hands in former Cures. Ts to be had only at the Flaming
Sword the corner of Ruffel-Street, over againft Will's Coffer

Ma.:ners, Sovecin az alfs rhe Kecrcifa:, |

ed-Cro{s-Street in:

a

\

34 Edition, corrected Ww Rayner, Surgeon, living at the bluc Polts in Pref-on’s

ard, ‘the lower end of the minories, tha naine Rayney and
- golden Ball hanging over the Gate ‘Near Littie Tower Hull
Ath afpgedy.and fa‘e cure tor the pox or clan, with alf
i its various fymptome, by, his famous chymical drink,
being p:cafant in tafte, yet effectuaiin curing that dingeroud
difeale, which hasbeen the ruin of hundreds by ‘allirg into.
unstulful hands. I cure (under God) the mof: invete- are nox,
in three wecks at farthefc, as ulcersin the throit, Loft palate,,
finking ofthe nofe, phymo/is, paranhymotis, fhanke , nocky
warts, bubocs, or fwelling in any part. If yourt oly be folk
of ulcers and fcabs, in afew Days 1emoye ail thofe he-ero-
Sencus particles, taking aw ty oll pains in the head, thon'ders,
and fliin bones, fo that this (alubrious liquer reftores the body
to perfe-t health. They thet have made tryal % it wonder
at the curesit performs. Thefe who have newly got a o.1p,°
may ercirely depend on acure by taking two orthres dofee af
my venereal pills or bolus, witacut hindrance -f MaGrefs
or it being Known to the neerefr relotion ortedftelie-y. Z fhall
not ufe many invitations, but rathe [nave you to make ox-
perience, whicais beyond aj!argumenr. In word, let yonr
condition be never fo bad diftruft ner, for [ promife very
fair, no cure no money. T do any thing in Surgery. my villg
and bolutles are ufeful for fea or land, whieh { have always
ready by me. Note, there’s a lightat my door in an evening.

Tee URS NERVOSA. CARDIACA, or the Cordial
Tincture for the Nerves, being an approved, esverienced
and never-failing Medicament in ‘inking, ifhing, and
lownefs of Spirits, Palpitation, or Trembling of the Heart, in
ail paralitick, foporole and convuifive Diftempers, and in’all
AMictions of the Head and Nerves; it infallibly preventsthe
bad Effeéts of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which o¢eafions
in moft People the above-mentioned Diforders (with many
more, which you'l &e at large in the Book of printed Dire:ti-
ons) but yet by taking a few Drovs of tt.'s moft pleafint de-
licate Cordial, in the firft Dith of Coffee or Tea, you may then
drink at Liberty; for this great Medicine penetrates through
the whale ne: vous Syftem, and fo recruits the Brzin and Pree
cordia with a full Influx of exulting Spirits, which perform the
Bufinefs of yital Funétion with freth Alacricy, and new Brisk-
nefs; fo that the Pulfe, which lay feeble and wavering, now
falls a beating vigoreufly, and with great Exaémefs ; more-
ever, 1€ wonderfully difperfes Fear, Sadness, canfus'd Thovghts,
Twitchings of the Legsand Arms, difturbdSleer, and alfthe
difmal Train o Vaponrs and Melancholy. It likewife ftops
Vomiting, puts off Nau‘eoufheft, procares a good Anpetire,
and is now in great Efteem smong’ Quality of the firt Rank.
Sold only at G. Serzhan's, Boorf-ler, at the Golden Ball ig
Cornhill, over again the Royal-Exchange, and 25 Qo other
Place. Price 2s. 6d.

ULAPLOM ASTHMATICUM, orthe Afthmatick Jur
" lep, whichis known by many Years Experience to bea net
ver failing Medicine in eid obftinate Afthma's, whott faffo-
cating Fit it puteoff inarmcment; it gives 2 per'es& Relief
in ftraining laborious Coughs that are unmerciftilly croubie-
fome night and morning ; ‘tis a moft excellent Remedy for
fhortnefsof Breath upon any motion, and in Breathing with
Difficulty, ftraighine&S of the Brealt, with hearfenels end
wheeling. Nothing exceeds this admirable Juleo, for by open:
ing the bronchial Ducts and pneumoni-k Poffages, it pene-
tratesin the inmoft Recefles of the Lungs, and there mecting
with tongh, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Phiegm, fo attenuares,
divides, moves and worksit, that by coughing and {pitting is
expectorates and throws up all flich matter with the greateft
Eafe and Pleafire, thereby cleanfing and frecing the Breage
and Lungs, when ftuffed upand clogged with a heavy Load. ang
fn prevents Confumptions, Ulcers of the Lungs, &c Note,
[tis a fate and pleafant Medicine; to bt taken by fhonnfals,
according to the printed Direétions, without the leat Confine-
ment, ordanger of crtching Cold. To be had at Mir. George
Strahan’s at the Golden Ball over againft the Roya} Exchange,
Cornhill, and at no other Place. Price 23. 6d ,

I HENRY COX, living next Door to the
Sign of the Fatcon againft the Vine-
a Tavern in Holborn, having, by a great
-. Cold, which fell into my Eyes, loft my
Sight, infomuch that I did never exveSt I fhould ever be
brought to fee again 5 but havpilv was advifed to make Ub
of Mrs. Cater, who, not only at firft Sight, to my no fimall
Comfort, told me I was curable, and alfo did, under God, per
form the fame in as thort a Time as could de expected ; and
this I do for no other Intent but for the Good and Benefir of
thofe who may mect with the like Affliction: The faid Mrs.
Cater ftill lives in Caftle-court, Rirchin-lane, ai the Sign of the
Hand and Fie. se
Note, She cures without any Inftriment ; en? the infalllbly
cures the Ague, witheut-the leaft Grain of Cortex, or that
they call rhe Jefuits Bark. Price ss. the Vial. No Letters
received except Poft paid. _—-

Plearium Mirabile: Or, the “Admirable Eleétuary
which infallibly cures atl Degrees and Symptoms of thé
fecrct Difeafe, with more Eafe, Sveed and Safety, than any
Medicine yet publithed; any old Running, &e. thongh of
feveral Years franding, whether occafioned by an over-ftrain
Weaknefs of the Seminall, or the Relicts ofa former tnfeti-
on, 1s certainly cur'd in a fhort Time, without a Minute's
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ule of Aftringents; being 2
Medicine fo wonderfilly pleafant and eafy in its Operation,
that the niceft Palate, or veakeh Continuation, may take jt
with Delight: Two Pots are generally fufficient to camplear
a Cure in moft Cafes, To be had onlvofthe Author Dy. Cam,
a Graduate Phyfician, who has pubiithed it 20 Years, and is
conftartly to be advis‘’d with ag his Hqufe ar the Golden-Balt
aad Lamp, in Bow-Church-Yardin Cheapfide, at baif'a Gnineg

of, ai

,
 To Day is publithed (No. 8. for the Month of Jime) whieh: yp | nae Sh Day inputs
ile ‘of the famoug ‘Kiver of Plate, feo] 9" A LEY to. ight Horfourable the Lard

Tom. h the Ifhmvus of ‘Amenea, with a Lieseripti- Chie Pad ENE oft his Lordihip's boing defigih'd a
on of that Country, their ftrange Funerals, and Idols ,/ PEER, | -
the founding ot Panama and Nombre de op ny Acs —— ALIUSqne & Idem or
Con ot a New Spain we Printed for J. Roberts in Warwick-Lane, Price dd,
HEREAS notwithftanding the Laws made for the

Actions of Cortes in New Sp
Prefervation of the Gaine.of this Kingdom, divers Mw

' fhe Liga Alamode, or Venereal I phy
its Concummitants, the wretched ‘T'raisi of that co
mptr, usamucous, filthy, dan

“| Reins, oripermatick Parts, which either cuit a thamnets
the Usine, or too ‘requenth provokesit. This iteiick is
difcoverable, arly by the ent Symptoms, viz. by
Lebility or Weaknels of the Back, @ tatid naufeotts, an

averting Smeli of the Urine, with a purulent Matter, ur

*.* The Gencral Hiftory of the vaft Continent and Iflands

of A} ERICA, commonly called the Welt-Indies, from the
fir Diftovery thereof: With the belt Accounts the People | tefactors have of late carried on the Practice of healing Game,
could give of their Antiquities. Collected from the Origiial | Poultry and thely Eggs, received, or concealed the funie when
Heiatrons ent to the Kings of Spain. By Antonio De Her) ftclen. "- Thefe are to give Nutlee, that fuch Maletactors will
rer, Hiltonographer to his Catholick Ma ty, Tranflated | he profecuted for fhien thelr Felonies and Miftemeanours | Coast Hellcat of the Vencrdal Difealt, ulcer . :
into Engi.\ by Captain John Stevens, To be 1 | with the utmoft Severity without any Expeuce tothe Party f covet fay only cleaning the Ui nary 4 seq gt All Sand,
Mionthif. ‘To be iwuftrat with Cutts, as Cecaflon shal of! rubbed, on Notice, by the Poft pald, unto Mr. Keginald Pngunae Efe lay “invigorating the ot elke thom ont

aii thedi genital Darts, to their original ‘Tone and , though

fer. P:inted for J. Batley in Pater-Nolter-How, ‘Heber in Hell-Yard, near ‘Tempic-Bar, London: And that
whoever diftovers ® dh r in the Premifes ato fhe fad Foe Mistorcune and Decay be ot tne longeft Date, with an*s
Hottie, with

Variety of Figtites, Marther, this 'Tinciure efpecia
of all’ Relices of the Venercat Difeate, foe An hanaeea

Where «i the former Numbers may be had for x. each,

** Dyspofats are given out for publishing by Sub{crl; tion
Coflectinne relating to the Hiftory of. wy Se veer of

Mr. Heber, fo as {ich Offender be convicted of any of the
faid Offences, he or fhe Shall in ten Days after flich Carivict:-

qual Succeis in cach Sex. ‘To be had tor 108, per
on, receive the Reward of five Pounds of the fuid Mr. Heber,

rections for its Ufe, only at his Houfe, the Gdlden
L-Suvage Yard on Ludgate :

land ; confifting chiefly of feveral Records and rs of > f and two Lamps in Bel
Seotlend 5 cont ua e prince, Wh ch afiord great Li ghrinthe anne fall ut be flirt ¥ 4 gncout ed according to his or thelr Dill unips The Great Reftoratlve, .
° . . 0 rr ; : , " . .
Ln ata eat Hen ts Anderion, | [INCTURA MIKIFICA ; Or, the miraculous Tindture} J "tay, Oucilth waither hypochondriach Me need
frond Ng

Pro and Con. Revifed and publithed by James

Writer to his Majeity's Signer, and Pat Anderfon his Son, to what Degree itever advanced, or of ever fo long

are fpeedily und infulllbly cured, fo as never to return

by a pleafant com otind: Medicament, chymnlcally prepared er
the choice Anti-Hyftcricks in the whole Are of Chymiftry :
fnis Medicine havirig eured ‘Thoufands of Men and Women

of Melancholy and Vapours, may be depended on for a perfest
Cures it ftrikes tinm tly nt the fir Caufy of’ this Diftem-
per, and entirely deitroys it Root and Branch, rectifying that
Vitiated Ferment in the Stomaéh, whieh ts generally the firlt
and ehict Caule, ‘afd thereby cures Indigettion: purifies, the
Blood and pirits, ftrengthiens the Brain und Nerves, cheare
the whole Frame, tops Vomiting, clears the Head from contu-
vd Thoughts, removes Fears, Sadnsts, difturb'd Sleep, Twitch:

T for the Stong and Gravel, a few Drops of which momen-
; a large Ouarto, on fuperfine Paper, Wherot curily takeso the moftexerutiating Pains either in the icin
ms. Vols. in large aa finith'd, and wilt be deliver'd| or Biadders, andcertainly prevents their Retyrn: For it ab-
to the Sulgtribers the beginning of Auguft next, andthe qth | folutely cures that Diftemper in a wonder fill net, inftant-
in November next. Prupofals are_given out, and Subferipti-|ly removes ali Uneafinefs ot Diticulty in making W ter, heals
ons taken in, by Mr. Strahanin OCarahill, Mr. Innys at the | all [xcoriations, and even Ulcers of the urinary Paflayes, re-
Welt-End of St. Paul's, Mr, Brewn withour Temple-bar, Jaxes the Ureters, fo that imall Stones, togetiier with Gravel,
Nir. Vaiilant in the Strand, Mr, Woodman in Lftrect,{ and all mucous, flimy, oblisucting dMatter, miay pais freely
Covert-Garden, and by the Editors ar.the ied Lampthe U from the nidacys to voided vilibly with Urine, —ithout
per End of \ing-Street, Golden-Square,; London, and gt Pia-| Pain, cffectually-cleanfes both the « eins and Bladder from:
to’s Head on the Sauth Side of the Croft of Edinburgh : all Impuritics, entirely prevents the Stone in thoft thar are
as al troubled. with the Gravel only, affuredly diffolves all large
Stoncs pottihte to be diffolv'd, and tikewife brings all thofe Parts
and Paffages to their due Tone and Vigour, fo as perfectly
to free the Patient froin all the fevere Syaiptome nd ini-
forable Effccts of that torturing Difeafe: Tis the f
dicine in, the World, and not
fir Doft'ot' it aifylutely cures the moft dread‘ul Fit of elther
Stone or Gravel, ina

a-

t

all which Piages the Books may he ‘ften, as ay

inted Nf These Corleetions are-quite different from
and Lyon.

printed.
thofé lately publitii’d bv Meifieurs W

aft ptblithed,
_ Dedicated to Jaf Ford Cheif Juttice King,
ase cgi eater enc a
WS : 5
Seren one Liws and stathtes are menindeds 1 the moit ef-
fential and capi al Points, not only in civil buc eriminal
Srudehes Sand others, ce inpuamental kaawdeage of tbe Law,
n
peocfiary in | theiy Studies, "Brinted for T’. Corbet at Addifon 5

Bead without Temple-Bar. Price'3s.64,° Where may

The Attorney and Solicitor’s Companion: or, Compleat
Man. Containing the Laws, Statutes, Kules, and Orders of
oor Colts, relating to Affidavits ‘ond alfo inftruétions for

Drawing, and gieat Variety of Forms of Affidavits, la all

ng a
the Heart; ahd Indeed al: other the frany and va
Comis that attend this gsievets Diftem ry for take” away the
Caufe and the Mi ffeck wil ceafe. Sold tor 4's 6d the Bottle,
at the Golden Ballon Puddle-Dock-Eilt, near Ludgate-Stieat,

and per'eét Fate) dain indces very firprifiig. {1 to be had § 24N0 where elie.
only ae Mr. Kadford’s Toythop at the rraie ukd Crowa nit _ All Sorts of RUPTDRES, |
Sr, Clement's Chuorch-Yard - fn the Strand, near Aruudel- BURSTEN or brokun Bellies, perfeétly cur'd by the Blef-
Screet-End, at 33. 6d, a Bottle, with Ditcétions, fine ot oes gether, on ol or young, in avery Uttle
> | * a
the Stomach and Blood cieantin them from all’ Impu Acie ent, Thee two Renedics need nu other Recommendation
y s1CAniing it Coan themflves “vil maniti@t in tw. or three Days ufing, ha-
the Rebusarlon they jot deters Coen sy aain'd
0 Y) efrrve buth in City a untry
. , ? for above thefe twenty Years lait pat, alter wearing Trut-
Cc and all Cafes. To which are Some curious direful Views and black Reflections) com? ttn, che Bre fis for man ? 4
Bepaition and Jnteregatocain the taf extraordinary ates, | and Nerves, comporing the ared Chong. tucing | Rpes ant oes have REN eur hy themy wah oaadgned
with-Dire:tions how to be, takcn by Contmiffioners to exa- ‘A B c ve y- eae and leafant Br ne *, S. t OMe Vine ‘wUeation, for the Good of the Publick, that all fich
mine Witnefies. Pricers. 6d. . . i PPT 4 pr ae ineumbrance of ioe “8 Gen nity. an ae Peapl: may be doliyered from the Charge and Slave-
The New WATER-ENGINE,. fnvented and made by | fteady Chearliunefs, and cating a vidibio diff ve Joy to rcign Horeel wi ch is went a ney ar eat’ Be at  § the
Richard Newfhan, of Cloth-Fair, London, in the oom of uneafy Doubts, Pears, &c. for wirch they | pecially on a yorna Perio. vod le now) fompleat gure, ce
Hich tor Convenience, Readinefs, and Performance In| may be truly efteemed infallible. Price 38.6. a Bottle, wit ett off Sh heewine aid ms a Hew. nce Mrs. Bradbury
W quenching of Fires, &c, doth fo evidently appear to the | Directions, | Sold only at W. Bells, Bookfeller, at the Crofeel of ‘Small Wi ecping) he only uP ro anudert, Hoberdathes
World to be the moft preferable infomuch that otheis| Keys afd Bible in Cornhilf, near the Royal-Exchange. Street, near Aidmee.” ne Bal jroymon n Fenchurch-
have, of late, attempted to make of the fame Sort, (or -The Great Venercal Antidote. Truly "Re aha tee  B. gee ithe ‘of an ealy
{a Trutation there £} though contrary to Authority @an-| etna’ s moft Sovercign Mediciie, and very pleafant to | the Parr affected, till the Cure is perbected, ce will te toon be
fully: fomerehend wAdfeame. any rwoich (indeed) al ast B take, which perfectly cures without Confinement or Dif- | the Direétions at large given welt Chen 9 ae UNDE Moen by
my latter Invention differing fomuich frorn the firf, fn Re- ander, pen Aa Diteatey vith fheh Spec, HB famous PLAISTER for the Stomach, which {nhl
gird to its greater Ufefuincls, thar his Majefty hath been | ore cur'd by it a ec any libly ‘cutes all Sorts of Agues in 94 Hours time, without

and giving a new Turn to their erment, attenuating all vil-
cous tenacious Humours, whieh make the Lead heavy, clog the
Splritay confufe the Mind, and caufé the deepef ¢te‘ane oly,
Ww. i

ed
acinvly pleafed to. grant me his fecond Letters Patent | (c a tew Days, and : fo the moft, malignant r Phyfick, as has been happily experienced by man
f the fame a alfo for feveral other Tnyentions for raifing Cyne He ie Taking Water, “brencts of age of Thougands in this ‘publick Way of Sule, tor above chert ten
Warer, Ge. Wherefore pavin his Nia} Ba ldauiey under vitics, and-cvery other Symptom that attend this grievous | ¥ears palt, und is now eftcemed and recommended by the nr.f
the Great Seal, for the fole Making and Vending thefe fhid Diftemper,-as have been happily experienced by Hundreds of knowing Phyficians, os the beft and moft infallible Remedy
Engines, &e, and that ne other Per: n or Perfons whatever | Dertans of both Bexes in private Practice, without any other for curing Agues, that ever was found owt, it not having
: al.inany wif, ufe, cou teneit, oF mitate-them, elther | Medicine, which cah feareely be faid of any other Thing be- becn & minch as once known to falls moft of the Agues that
y Addition theteto, of Subitr aon therefrom, Borefore cute | fides ic felts it alfo very fufely and focedily removes aif xe] Were Cured for fome Years puft, {0 9s not to return apain
Been oe eee as ibe etree ecoeretore Pub licks of former Infection, or fir'and mifnanaged Mereurlat | Wee curedsby it, 1s tld only ae W, Belle, a Hook@tllers, uf
tame 18, requir all. aw npretime to imitate pte Courfes, and thusthis noble Antidote, which hath n-tite Fel. | S2¢ Crohi-Keys and Bible in Cornhill, near Stocks-Market,
ec, to fake Notice Hereul, as Oe H antes {uch WON low, dily and fafely cures every Degree of the Venereal at 2&, 6d, the Gall! of, with Direétons, Atthe fliie Place
tennpt at their Peril. ICE . EW HAM. Dita nad al the lil’ Confeanences of maifmanaged Mercuri- ls alto fold the moft excellent. Platfter for Corns, being ther
HE in ab'e Powder for cleanfing the Teeth, which| al Courts, by carrying off the Poyfon of the Ditalt, and | the! nfallible one in the World for giving Ease and taking.
hat, given fo gicat Satistaction to nwhk of the Nobitiey andi Mercury, tho’ routed Fa the very Bones or Marrow, by very oneed ae away without Trouble, as "Choufiads have experi-:
Gentry in England, for sbove theft 20 Fears, notwithftanding | gentle Evacuation. Sold only iat Mr. Lockton's Tioyfhup at c¢ 16. a Box, with Directions, .

the mary Counterfrics flnce its fir Publication, endeavouring | the Griffin, the Corner of Rucklersbury in the Powltry, at ¢ 8. A, new Radition fs juft publithed, of
he Pot, with Direstions fo plain, that any, thongh neyér fo HE Praétical Scheme of the SECRET
DISEASE, a GLERT, and a Broken

wee

to imirate this the only rrue original Porvder. Sold only at

Mr. Palmer's Fanfhop, in Se. Michael's Church-Porch, Corn- } remote, may cure themiklves, Two of them are generally e-
bill, at Mr. Merkham's TeyMop at the 7 Stars under Sr, Dun- | notigh Co eure in moft Cafes, pontitntion by faft Living, former Cures,
rae itt T the HUNGARY WATER WARE- Salivations, Mercury, &c. teaching Perfuns

io Wak fm, to underitand Rightly thelrown Cult, and
1 ier We tocure themftlve: without making their
Condition known to any ones Deiliea
to Dr. Chamberlen.
ttle Pook is Given Gratl: Up One Pair of

fan's Church, Fleet-Street, and no where elfein England. It ;
at once wing makes the ‘Teeth as white as [vory, tho’ never fo | a
biae er ye Ms and efferiually preferves t err From, rottiig 1 a
er decaying, contin m fo ce 0 Cs, :
wondestull cures the Scurvy in'the Gums, revertts Rieu orl f
Defuétion, kills Worms at the K oot of the Tei:h, and there-

7 HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Com, |.
' a Comb-Makers, the Corner of’ Rell-Savage-
1 Inn on Ludgate-Hill, fe fold right Frenel

: Fiangary Water, being the ae qport fold

i fe ars and Is inguil
from the ‘pernicious counterfilt Sony ld
pa

id and interne Wve Merle Ve Anod
» } n
oT inended by Dr, Chambarion for Children’s ‘Teeth, next to the

Peete t ocaniy Medicine, of pleatunt and grateral Beer a deq to, bx n
a neat cican Ci cent.t - Hi) fl t
Price 1s. the Box C, all the Nobility, Gentry, &e. who end ion Pr Aa Ret pe ilowing foreign ited Rott Tavern withour, Temple Bar, ‘and at Mr. Jeremiah:
4 Mr. Markham's for the Powder for ¢ Teeth, are défired tol modities are fold at the fhine Place, viz. Pain's the Sign of the Buneh of Grrpet, the ag ante
give ftrist Orders not to miftuke t » (MARK MAM 1G ht Irench Hungary Water, at sa gd. the FUlePine hight Han {ft within Pope's “Ally ftom Cornhil
at length is under the Seven Stars) beeatie molt of the Toy. Bottle, “. right over-againftthe Koyal-Exchange. “Where areto le ha
Meee ee hace trumphd i) Gontertelte: antic theirgen a) ite Hlorence Olly dt ps, per Flask se nottic, fated rntt aanedine Le eet prenmnetue Come aiee
yfarit, hgve tr if ; alf-nint Hotkie, )
j A aot re aect ine ner \ ther, at rs 6d. Li way for the Tecth to rame out without Pain. rite loti te:

ether ya: /and the fadnous Pettoral LOZENGES Ibr thar

Hi
$1 Imitation of our known and approved Powder, in pie wiice
rn NI a aul the highl

ro the Pub'ick. J} At the faine Places are fold the B y
gfeoned Lip-Salve for Ladies, Sec. of a charnelhg and delight- .B. There jsa 8
Wl cent. Price 15, cach Box. : prevent Counteritits,

LONDON: Prmted by N. LIST, in Creat-Carter-Lane,

-WALAGH Ts Diuretick; of cdeanfing Tintture, _
T7 Hich arin y dffeharges all ce ces oF ted vie a

antous. Matter long tie :

ficulent Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or ilying in ir, With

$ OF the Arnis or Legs, cures P. ipitation or 'T'rembiing of

ne NFEFCKLACK, Keeom- °

r Flask.
: Bermuda Platts for Ladies, :
fu Sher 7 "Sign-Poper on caah Bottle and Fiatk, to t Pape at Stomuch, called the HeuAR TrBURN, fx-ponce |

f
4
a

 7
dy

€

that Affair.

‘.

a.

. ‘Spirit or Parts would accept, becaufe the Bufinefs

- nfe of any (though the World fufpe&ted he did,)

. faid, was the Life and Soul of Bufinefs, as might

laying sd ¢
at, if that Opportunity had been fli

‘and protefted he had no Acquaintance with Mr.

. . ~ ~ oe . 1 *
eee -_—_ eee,
~- « -@ ae .

“MIST WEEKLY JOURNAL, O21

SATURDAY, JUNE 19, 1725.

We gee N ny laft I began to exter upon| When his Troubles came upon him, I vifitedf Mr. MIST,
Sees the Chara&er of the late eelebra- him, in order to found what his Sentiments were OU, who have very lately profef'd

- 4 ced Mr. Yonathan Wild, of moft iz-tof his own Condition. —————For, as it was re- Y felf an open Enemy to all Publick Imboft

genionts and moft roguifs Memory ; — ported, that there would bea numerous Train of |tions of what Nature or Kind foeyer. and f ave

pes! Prize but, I find now,. that I only drew , Indiétments brought againft him, fome of whichjdrawn your Pen with fuch uncommon Ww mith

TROPA the Out-lines of his Figure, and; were for Crimes long fince committed, I was wil-|and Impartiality upon a potent Bookfell Ek
remains ftill undone towards givirg ling to know of him, whether he intended to his exorbitant Demands in the Publicatio of is
ght Idea, not only of rhe Capacity | plead the A& of Grace ? Tio which he anfwer'd|ther Man's Works, muft needs (I verfuad we
ry Man, . but of that Plan‘in the Negative, adding, that he fcorn’d it ; 'felf) countenance me in animadvertin upon &
‘d to himfelf for the Condu& for, fuys he, an A& of Grace is to fome People like :Country Theological Author, who ex ofits te Sale
a Harbour to Pyrates, where they lay up in Safe-ihis own Divine Compofitions (tho’ God knoy a,
ty what they have pillaged upon the open Seas ; flac and jejune enough in all Gonfcience) at an
whereas a Man of true Spirit would rather keepj unreafonable Rate, and after a Manner-perf, Bly
the Seas, and trutt is own courage and Refolu-j novel and unprefidented. eee
tion than to have Recourfe to tich Shifts as} ‘The Method of a vol ipti
plainly difcover both his Guilt and his Fear. Works of the Learned fe doobtler o iption for he
Many fuch wile Sayings often dropp’d from him, {laudable Invention, inafmuch (as ou 0 2 it
which I have laid up in the Table of my Me-jdicioufly obferv’d in one of your late Pavey -
mory, defigning, fome Time or other, to pub-| tends greatly to che Improvement of all Bi eh -
Jifh them for the univerfal Good of Mankind. [of Learning, and encourages Men of Part ne

Though the Application of this Simile was juft| well to apply themfelves to Study, as to blith
and well hir, yer I fufpected there was a litcle}their Labours for the prefent Goed as Pall.
Vanity in the Declaration ; and that, as the Fox, : that of Pofterity: Buc the Euormity I am now 2

that. much
the World a ri
of. this extraordina
which he had form
and Government of Life. |

Therefore I think fit to obferve, that as his
known Intimacy with fome Perfons of confider-
able Rank gave Men Occafion to fufpect thac he
was, at Bottom, the Projeftor, at leaft Advifer
of feveral -very ftrange Things, which, of lare
Years have appeared in the World (to his no
{mall Difcredit.) ——— As I would give the Devi
bis Due, fo 1 fhall endeavour to clear him from
thofe falfe Afperfions which feem to blacken his
Memory, being willing to fet the World right in

Among other Things, he intirely difclaim’d his
having any Hand in the: late South-sea Scheme,
Chaps water’d at, faid, at going off, they were' Iam an Inhabitant, Mr. Mift, of a Country

fowre ; fo Yonathan flighted the A& of Grace, ; Village, within three Miles of ereee:
from a Confcioufnefs that he could not be pro-/Parfon "has lately (for his own Benel ad ee
‘efted by ir; therefore I put the Queftion to him j{piritual Edification of his Flock) printed in three

Robert Knight ; nor would he own that he was any
way concern’d in the Bubble call’d the Babama
Tflands, nor in the Welfo Copper, nor in the Br-/s,
or Iron, or Deal Boards, or any of thofe ridiculous
Projects which in thofe Times farted up every
Day in 'Change-Alley, and died in a Weck’
Not that it would have difturb’d his Confcience
to have got Money thac Way (which he frankly
own'd to me;) but his Pride was fuch, that he
feorn’d to be concern’d in any Roguery where there
was not fome Wit and Ingenuity in the Contri-
vance, and fome Danger in the Execution ; there-
fore he-ufed to fpeak with the utmoft Contempt
of a Sort of Men known by the Name of Pen-
froners ; an Office, he feid, no Man of the leaft

direly, whether he thought his Crimes could,} Volumes, the Pra@ical Dif ‘cl:
by any Conftrudtion, come under the Cover of the; for many Months been delivering ou ne as
faid A&? He made me no dire& Anfwer,'Pulpit, and for the more fpeedy Dif otal of hie
but fmil’d, and faid, The At. was not of bis draw-\large Iropreffion, has left (without ‘our Order,
rng up ee Privity or Confent) at each of our refpedti id
Bur fince I have taken Notice of his Erudition, |Houfes, a Sett, a Free-will Offering : © a rVG
and hinted at his wife Sayings, I think it will not |withftanding fuch Prefent of the ie bor not-
be amifs to inform the World, that for fome (and I {peak the Senfe of the greater Part xf he
Years paft, at his leifure Hours, he employed ; Parifh) underftood it, yet the Gratification for

Times, which Eiftory he was pleas’d to put into |lefc to our own Generofi
my Hands, having firft exaéted 2 Promife from | both my felf and fome other Hee eee h
me Not to publifh it till {even Tears after bis Death, bours, have fame time fince been oblig’d yay
which Requeft, asT intend religioufly to obferve, j our moft reafonable Paftor three half nine a
I hope my courteous Correfpondents, to whom ipiece, -for what we could in a fair open. Markee
I am fometimes obliged, and whofe Curiofiry (no ) have purchas’d for three half Crowns iP Di fe ha: ve
doubr) will be rais’d up to a Pitch of Impatience, jot a Debt (as he terms it) moft juttl cont aed
will not expect or defire that I fhould inviolate! Idceclare, Mr. Mift, Iam far From bei oa
the faid Promife by publifhing any Purt of rhefe Enemy either to Divinity or che Profeffors { te
Memoirs in’ my weckly Labours, till the faid’ yet a Man by no means can bear to be cram aa
Time is expired. a _ Notning furely can be more difagreeable to an in,
I fhall only obferve in general, that the faid!genuous Mind than Force. A Man of Senfe de-

may be done by Ieots, as well as Men of Sente,
and he was for putting them upon a Foot with Sca-
vengers ; and he often protefted he never made

{wearing he never would give them Bread, for
he would have ho Fools in his Commonwealth.
The Succofs of -all his Enterprizes was owing
to that Spite-Maxim of taking Times and Opportu-
nities, Which he ftridtly sbferv'd ; and which, he

State Intrigues being there laid open and accoun- |Pleafure, he beftows a Pound by w:
ted for, and the fecret Caufes which. produced} Totell youthe Truth, I amie Strestom
them difcover’d, that itis, as to Stile and Truth, ‘the Do&or, and have no Averfion to the v7 .
Matter much preferrable to another Hiftory of ;but his infolent, and arbitrary Manner of Pro
the fame Kind lately publifh’d, and is free both ceedings; all that I aim at is publickly to b of
from the Vanity and Rancour which makes up him to treat me no longer asa Friend now te
the greateft Part of that Hiftory, jload me with any more of his Prefents (for Lath :
- But now that I've faid fo much of this extraor-!him, if he does, I shall make him as valuable Re.
dinary Man, methinks his Charaétcr muft ftill ap- ‘turns) but allow me the Liberty of the commor ;
pear imperfeg, unlefs I sive fome Account of his Marker, where his Wares are fufficiently ex ofed,
Principles both as to Church and State, there be- and a Man may, upon Examination chutes .
ne ne Enghipman alnogether indifferent upon thofe ‘fufe them at pleafure. ? nee
‘Articles. s.to Religion he was a Freethink- Iam your a
er, and I'm afraid, a little inclin’d to Atheifm, (if your very humble TREELOV
I may-be allow’d to call that a Religion.) As to . | E
Party, he was both in Principle and Pratice a FOREIGN AFFAIRS

be feen by what was done in his Expedition to
the Inftalment at Windfor, where he fucceeded, in
hold of Things he never could have come
‘He communicated to me a Deflgn he had of
petting a M'reatife wrote de Legibus Nature ; under
which Title, Theft, and all Kinds of Knavery
Should be recommended as vertuous and honour-
able A@ions ; and that they were juftifiable by
the Laws of Nature, which teach us to feek our
own Good ; and that he intended to employ the
ingenious Pen of the Author of the Fable of the
Bees for that Purpofe, whom he look’d upon to
be equal to the Subje& ; and he confefs'd tu me,
that it was he who gave that Author the Hint-of
a Thing.which makes fo confiderable a Figure in
his Book, viz. thar where he endeavours to prove
ronnie on the tlighway to bé for the Good of the
ts 4 ‘Ts e oO ‘,

of thofe Gentlemen, which is expref’d in this that the Emprefs imitates the Policy of
their Motto,.-—Keep what you get, and get what Czar her Confort, who was accuftoned poe

- {Price Two Pence,]

who could not come ac the Grapes which his (bout to complain of, is, a compulfive Subfeription.

himfelf conftantly in writing the Héfory of bis own | his divine Favours was not (as in Juftice it oughr) *
“hut

Hiftory is very curious in its Kind, a great many itefts the being bullyed out of a Penny, when with

right Modern Whig, according to the Definition{ We are advifed by Letters from Pé&ersburg,
. ,

you can | [his Fleet to Sca every Summer, in order to exe -
 ercife his Seamen and amufe thé ‘World, —ethere
being now a Squadron of Men of Wazztady to
- fail, witha preat Number of Tranfports, on which

the Body o twelve Thoufand Land Forces are to
be embarqu d. It is alfo faid, that the Swedes
are equipping a Squadron, and preparing a fufi-
_ cient Number of Tranfports to carry fix 'Thou-
fand Land Forces, which are to join thofe of
Rufhia, but what all this Expence and Prepara-
tion is for, they do not pretend totell us. It is
alfo faid, that three Ruffian Men of War have
_ Tarely pafs’d the Sound, but whither bound, or
_ upon what Defign, is made a Secret. In the
mean time the Emprefs omits no Occafion of in-
pratiating herfelf with the Soldiery, as thinking
_ herfelf fafe from the Attempts of thofe who may
' be difcontented at a Foreign Government, while
they (the Soldiers) continue her Friends. —— The
fignal Piece of Juftice fhe lately executed on a Bi=
_ thop, for fuffering fome publick Money to ftick
too clofe to his Fingers, has done her no finall
Service among the People, fhe having banifh'd

” him to Siberia, to pafs the Reft of his Days a-

mong Bears,
__ Our Advices from feveral Courts take Notice
that fome Princes are about fending Minifters to

nea. _ It was thought he would have been try’d at
the late Seffions of Admiralty ; bur fome Wit-
nefles being examined before the Council, the
Fa&s with which he is charg’d did not appear to
‘be commitred on the High Seas, butina River
up in the Country, and fo not within the Jurif-
di&ion of the Admiralty. |
We have terrible Accounts from moft Parts of
the Kingdom, of the Mifchief rhat has been done
by the Rains-and Floods, particularly in Oxford-
fhire, Worcefterfhire, Gloucefterfhire and Shrop-
fhire, where a great Deal of Hay is carried away
by the Waters, Cattle drowned, &c. ———— At
Srony-Stratford, in Buckinghamfhire, feveral Fa-
milies are obliged to live in upper Rooms.
In Cambridgefhire, feveral Hundred of Sheep
drowned in their Fenns. In Northampton-
fhire, and other Nortlfern Counties, the Waggons
can't travel, fome Horfes drowned in the Road.
Marriages. Laft Week Bulftrode Peachy, Efq;
Member of Parliament, was married to the Wi-
dow of the late William Knight, Efq; of Wetft-

Dean in the County of Suffex, at her Sext at | Somer fetpPire.

Charleton near Alton in Hampfhire, a Lady worth
about 4 or 50031. per Ann. —
Middleton, Bart. one of the Knights of the Shire

\
\ .
‘

Leicefter. Wed. July 28, at theCaitle of Leicefter.
Town of Leicefter. Thurfday July 29, at Leicefer,
City of Coventry. Saturday July 31, at Coventry,
Warwick, The fame Day at Warwick.
Northern Circuit. |

_ Mr. Baron Price, Mr. Juftice Reinolds.
City of Tork. July to, at the Guildhall of Tork.
County of York, Same Day at che Caftle of Topk.
rocom af Wed. July 21, at the Caftle of Durbam.
Town of Newcaftle upon Tyne. Monday July-26

the Guildhall of the hid Town. vJ . rae

County of Northumberland, The fame Day at the Ca-

ftle of Neqwcaftle upon Tyne. ,
Cumberland. Tuef. Auguft 3, at the City of Carlifle.
Weftmorland. Saturday Auguft 7, at Applebee.
Lancafter. Thurf, Aug. 12, at the Caftle of Lancafter.

Weftern Circuit.

Mr. Juftice Fortefcue, Mr. Juftice Denton. °
Southampton. Wed. July 7, at the Caftle of Winchefter.
Town of Southampton. July 10, at the Guildhall. —
Wilts. Saturday July 10, at New Sarum,
Dorfetfire, Thurfday July 15, at Dorchefter.

July 19, at Bridoeater,

Cornwall, July 27, at Bodmyn,

Sir William | County and City of Exeter. Monday Auguft 2, at the

Guildhall-of Exeter.

compliment King Staniflaus on the Marriage of |for the County of Northumberland, toa Daughter | Devon. The fame Day, at the Caftle of Exeter.
his Daughter the Princefs Mary with the moft]|of William Ettericke of the Bifhoprick of Dur-

Chriftian King. ——Thus this great, but untor-{ham, Efq;

_ tunate Prince, who has liv’d many Years as if he
had been forgot, is now carefs’d and complimen-
ted by thofe who fcem to refpe& nothing but
Fortune. .

The Pope has put an End to the Lateran Coun-
cil, with the unanimous Confent of all the Mem-
bers, upon which Occafion a folemn Proceffion
was made, and Thanks given to God in rhe like
Manner as at the opening of it, with the ringing
of all the Bells in the City of Rome, &c.

LONDON, Fane 19. |

On the 8th Inftant a Patent pafs‘d the Broad!
Seal for Mr. Newfham's Invention, the Meaning
of which he has publish’d at large by an Adver-
tifement in this Paper.

Thurfday the Ceremony was perform’d of in-
flalling the Knights of the Bath Order, with very

reat Magnificence. The Proceffion was made

rom the Prince’s Chamber to the Abbey-Church

of Weltminfter, with Drums, Trumpets, &c. Af-
ter which, a fumptuous Entertainment was pro-
vided for them ; the Knights dined inthe Court
of Requefts, their Squires in the Painted Cham-
ber, and the Heralds in the Court of Wards. Ir
is faid all this Finery coft upwards of 30,000 |.

The Pyrates encreafe again in the American
Part of the World, and do great Mifchief. From
Barbadoes they write, that a Ship belonging to
Bridge-Town was lately taken by them ; and af-
ter they hgd plunder’d her, they put the Men
down in the Hold, faften’d the Hatches upon
them, and then fhot a Hole in Her, and funk her.
In the Gulph of Florida they have taken
the Mermaid, Captain Underwood, and the Jan@
and Mary, Captain Mortland, both bound from
the Bay of Hondurus to Bofton; the latter they
alfo funk.

The Jane, Captain Wilkinfon, from London to
Maryland, was Jately loft on Mackapungo Shoals,
near Virginia. The John and Mary, Captain
‘Logan, bound from Jainaica to Virginia, was loft,
with all her Men, in the Gulph of Florida. —
The Mary, Captain Laborious Pierce, bound

rom Surinam to Virginia, was loft on the 197th
of April.

A Special Commiffion hath pafs'd the Seals for
the Trial of Captain Robert Elfton, for the Mur-
ther of Jofeph Weft and John Atkinfon, in Gui-

The Earl of Pembroke to Mrs.
How Maid of Honour to the Princefs.

Deaths and Cafualties. Jofeph Collet, Efq; for-
merly Governor of Fort St. George, on Sunday
laft at Hertford Caftle. Edward Barkham,
a King’s Scholar ac Weftminfter School, aged 17.
Laft Weck an old Ba:chelor, aged 83, at
South-Cadbury in Somerfetfhire, hang’d himfelf.
A Pentioner of Greenwich Hofpital pull’d
off his Shoes, and flung himfelf out of a Window
in the faid Hofpital, and made his Exit.——A Pri-
foner cut his Throat in the Marfhalfea Prifon.

, Norfolk Circuit.

Ld. Chief Juftice Raymond, Mr. Juftice Tracy.
Bucks. Monday July 12, at the Town of Bucks.
Bedfordfire, Thurf, July 15, at.the Town of Bedford.
Huntingdon. Sat. July17, at the Town of Huntingdon,
Cambridge. Mond. July 19, at the Caftle of Cambr.
Suffolk. Thurfday July 22, at Bury St Edmunds.
Norfolk. Monday July 26, at the Caftle of Noraich.
City of Norwich, me Day at the new Hall inNorwich.

Oxford Circuit.

Lord Chief Juftice Eyre, Mr. Baron Hale.
Berks. Monday July 19, at Abingdon.
Oxford. Wednefday July 21, at Oxford.
Wovcefter. Saturday July 24, at Worceffer. :
City of Worcefter, the fame Day Caftle of Worcefter.
Staffordfbive. "Wednefday July 28, at Stafford.
Sajop. Monday Auguft 2, at Shrewsbury.
Herefordfire. Saturday Auguft 7, at Hereford.
Monmouth, ‘Thurfday Augutt 12, at Monmouth.
Gloucefter. Saturday Auguft 14, at Gloucefter.

City of Gloucefter, the fame Day at Gloucefter.
Home Circuit. ,

Lord Chief Baron Gilbert, Mr. Juftice Dormer.
Hertfordpire. Mon. July 12, at the Town of Hertford.
Efex. Wednef. July 14, at the Town of Chelmsford.
Kent. _Monday July 19, at Mazdflone.

Suffex. Monday July 26, at Horfam.
Survey. Wednef. July 28, at Kingffon upon Thames.
Midland Circuit.

Mr. Juftice Powys, Mr. Baron Page.
Northampton. ‘Tuefday July 13, at Northampton.
“Rutland. Friday July 16, at Oakbam,
Lincoln, Monday July 19, at the Caftle of Lincoln.
City of Lincoln, Thefame Day.
Nottingham. . Thurfday July 22, at Nottingham.
Town of Nottingham. Friday {uy 23. at Nottingham.
Derby. Satunday July 24, at Derby.

| County and Cty of Brtftol. Auguit 9. at Briffol.

. ang John Innys, at, the

On the jth of May laff, a notable Tryal came on
before the Lord Chief Baron Eyre, in bis Majefty's Court
of Exchequer, on the Account of Horns, pretended to be
wrought, on which a Cuftom-Houfe Officer was Pro-
fecutor, as welt for his Majefty as bimfelf, and the
Royal African Company of England, Defendant: The .
Company of Horners prov'd the Goods unwrought, and
the Cu ftom-Houfe Officer prou'd a legal Seizure, fo that
by a Verdict the fame was forfeited, and alfo double the
Value, by Virtue of an AG of Parliament of Edward
the Ivth, and ames the If. '

To Morrow wik be preached two Charity Sermons at
the Pavifo Church of Weftham, near Stratford, in the
County of Effex, for the Benefit of the Charity Children
of the Parifh aforefaid ; that in the Morning by the Re-
verend Dr. Bennet of St. Giles’s Cripplegate; and that
in the Afternoon ty the Reverend Dr. Knight, of st. Se-
pulchres.
Juft publithed, the éth Edilson of

*,* IT, ESSAYS upon feveral moral Subjects. In three
Parts. Upon Pride, Duelling, general Kindnefs, the Weak-

nefsof Human Reafon; on Mufick, the Value of Lire, the
Spleen, Eagernefs of Defire, Friendfhip, Popularity; a

‘Thought, of the Entcrtainmeut of Books, Envy, againit De-

{pair, of Covetoufnels, Liberty, old Age, Pleafure, of Pain,
Revenge, Authors, Power, Riches and Poverty. Whoredom,
Drunkenne fs, Gaming, Solitude, Difcontent. By Jeremy Col-
lier, A. M. ”

Ii. A fhort and eafy Method with the Deifts ; wherein the
Truth of the Chriftian Religion is demonftrated by infallible -
Proof from four Rules, which are incompatible to any Impo-
fture thot ever yet has been, or can poffibly be. ‘To which 1s
added, a fecond Part to the Jews. _ a

Ill. DESIDERIUS ; or, the Original Pilgrims ; fhewing
the moft compendious Way to arrive at the Love of God. By
Laurence Howel, A. M

All three printed
againft the Roya-Exchange in Cornhill.

This Day 1s publith'd the 3d Edition of, |

* *® General Hiftory of the PYRATES, from their tint
Settlement in the Ifland of Providence to the prefent Time:
With the remarkable Actions and Adventures of ;
Female Pyrates, Mary Read, and Anne Bonny, contained
in Chapters, treating of the following Captains and their
Crews, viz. Avery, Martel, Teach, alias Blackbeard,
net, England, Vane, Rackum, Davis, Roberts, Anttis Wor- ,
ley, Lowther, Low, Evans, Phillips, Sprig, and Smith, aliss
Gow, whe was executeJon friday at Execution Dock. Pri
for T. Warner at the Black-boy in Pater-Nofter-Row. Pr. 5s.

e commodions Houfe, fit for a Tavern, Coffec-
e or Ale-houfe, fituated in a very good Part of the
City. Enquire of che Printer of this Paper, and know further.
This Day is publithed, for March, being the Third.
*.* New Memoirs of Literature, containing an Account
1ew Books printed both at Home and Abroad, with Di&

of new ; |
fertations upon feveral Subjects, mifcellantous Ober

ons, &e. to be publifhed Monthly. Price rs. each.
April will be pulifhed in a tew Days. Printed for Wiliam
i John Weft End of St. Paul's. |

La
hou

for G. Strahan at phe Golden Ball over-

 -

This Davis pubtith’d, beautifully printed on a fuperfine Pap=r,
+ Phe’ SACRED CLASSICS defended and illuftrated :

1, an Effay humbly offer’d towards proving the Purity,
Pierce and true Eloquence of the Writers of the NEW
TESTAMENT. In two Parts. In the firft of which thot
divine Writers are vindicated againft the Charge of -barba-
20us uage, falfe Greck, and Solecifins. In the fecon} is
fhewn, that all the Exccllencies of STYLE, and fublime
Beauties of Language and genuine Eloquence do abound in
the facred Writers of the New Teftament. With an Ac-
count of their Style and Character, and a Reprefencation of
their Superiority, in feveral Inftances to the beft Claificks of
Greece and Rome. A. Bi.AG. WALL, M.A. Printed
for C. Rivington at the Bible and Crown in St. Paul's Chureh-
Yard, and W. Cantrell, Bookfeller in Derby.

Alfo this Day is publithed, the third Edition of

Mr. BLACK WALL's Introduttion.to the Claffiess; con-
taining a fhort Difeourfe on their Excellencies ; and Directi-
ons how to ftudy them to Advantage, with an Effay on the
Nature and Ufe of thofe emphattcal and beautiful Figures
which give Strength and Ornament to Writing.

KS printed, and fold by J. Stone, unter the Crown
BOO Coffee houfe againft Bedford-ow, J ckey-Fiel's.
* * Creech’s Lucfetius, 2 Vols. 6vo. 105. Drelincourt on
Beath abridg’d, remo. 28. Hiftory of Romances, by Huet,
r2M0 18 ife and Character of Jane Shore. 6d. Life of
William Fuller, r2mo-.1s. 6d. Paitorals, by Mr. Philips, 6d.
Tale ofa Tub, r2mo. Cuts and Notes, 25. 6d. Where may
be had the full Value for any Library or Parecl of Books.
This Day is publithed, 7
#* Mr. Kirkall’s Twelve Prints in Chiaro Ofcuro, from
the original Drawings of the beft Matters. Thofe Subdfcri-
bers who have not their Setts, may receive them at the
Author's in Wine-Office Court in Flect-ftreet. There ‘1s
likewife publithe1, fix Academy Figures with a Frontifpiece,
drawn from the Life, by the late Mr. Cheron. Alfo a Mo-
numental Defign, with the Effgics of Sir Chriftopher Wren ;
drawn by Mr. H. Cooke in an Imperial half Sheet, with fe-
-yeral other Prints not publithed before ; all fold by the Anv-
thor and the Printfellers in London.
Hereasin mift’s weekly journal, on Saturday the 2oth of
W February 1725, 25 aif in other papers of the fame date,
and fince, is advertis’d a powder lately imported, which in
every re pect fully anfwers the ule of Coffce, and there being
a larger demand than was expe ‘ted, feveral perfons went
without; care will be taken for the future to prevent the
like; a large parce: being yutt arrived exceeding fine and good,
which may betafted at the firft houfe on tne lefc hand in Bell
Savage Yardon Ludgate Hill up one pair of Stairs, where any
uantity may be had at 2s. 6d. per pound. B. No lefs
than one pound is fold; it will anfwer without mixture of
coffee, and hath been much approved on fince the Advertife-

ment.

O be feen, a great Cusiofity in Nature, a Sea-Lyon’s
T Head, at the Sign of the Cupid in Maiden-Lane, South.
wark. Nete, It has never before been cxpos’d to pub-
lick View.

On Tuefday next will be publifhed,

*,* A Sermon preach’d at the Funeral of the Reverend
Mr. Samuel Billingfley, A. M. Archdeacon of Surrey, &e.
at Horley, June 6, s7zs. By Timothy Stileman, B. D.
Chaplain to the Right Honourable the Lard Howard of Ef-
fingham. ‘To which is added, the Epitanh engraven on his
‘Tomb. Sold by D. Midwinter, at the Three Crowns in St.
Paul's Church-Yard. Price four Pence.

; This Day is publith’d, the ath Edition, of

*.* Every Bodies ufinefs is no Bodies Bufinefs; or, pri-
vate Abufes publick Grievances; excmplitied in the P ide,
Infolence, and exorbitant Wages of cur Women Servants,
Footmen, &c. With a Propofal for Amendment of the fame ;
as alfo for clearing the Strects of thofe Vermin cill’d, Shoe-
cleaners, and fubitituting in their Stead many Thoufands of
induftricus Poor, now ready to ftarve. By Andrew More-
ton, E(q; Printed for W. Meadows, at the Angel in Corn-
hill; and fold by T. Warner at_the Black-Boy in Pater-No-
Ser-Row; A.Dodd, without Temple-Bar, and E. Nutt at
the Royal Exchange. Price Six Pence.

Ny Perfon that wants to hire a Milch Afs, may be in-
A formed of one that gives a Pint of Milk in a Morning,
at Poole's Coffee-houfe near Bifhon's-gate, or at the Crown
at Harlow, in Effex. She isto be lett for twenty Shillings a
Month. Any. Perfon that wants to be fatisty’d of the Good-
nefs of the Af’, Mr Poole will {fend them. to. a Gentleman,
whofe Friend-has it now.

ay Hereas it has been induftrioufly reported, that Simon,

Barnes at the Black Bull next the Greyhound Inn in

the Borough of Southwark (the firft Spreader and Maker of
the beft Cane and Whalebone Honving in England) hath left
off makirig thereof, which is grcat Damage to him in Trading,
"This is therefore to certify whom it may concern, that thofe
Reports are falfé and groundlefs, and that he ftifl continues
the faid Bufinefs to hetter Satis‘a*tion than ever, where all
Shopkeepers and others may be frrnifhed with any Quantity,

and alfo with whole Cane, at reafonable Rates.

Juft publifh'd,

«_* VIRGIL’s Husbandry, or another Effay on the Geor-
- gics; being the firft Book, tranflated into Engtih Verte.

Fo which are added, the Latin Text, and Mr. Dryden's
Verfion. With Notes Critical and Ruftick.

I rhe lift ning World how MARO fings
f ufeful Suijects:and of lo ngs. |
° *Rofcommon. Efiiy on Tranflat. Verfe.

Sold by J. Pemberton in Ficet-Street, and Williamand John |
Aanys at the Weft-End of St Paul’s; Price 1s.

retuin home. VI His procee lings againft the

f
On Monday laft was publifh’d the third Edition, corrected,
with iarge Additions of .

*.* A VIEW of L INDON and WESTMINSTE ;_or
the TOWN-SPY; containing, amongft many other di-
verting Matteis, new Votes and Schemes gf the [rifh Socie-
ty of Fortune-Hunters, Of the Lawyers at St, Clement's and
St. Dunftan’s, the kept Miftrefles at St. Andrew’s, the High
and Low Church Mob at St. Brides, the Blackfryers Printers,
and the Ludgate-hill Mercers, An Account’ of Jonathan
Wild's Funeral Proce‘fion, and of a furprizing Specifick for
the Cure of felonious, fraudulent, and corrupt tfabits,. being
an Handkerchief dipt in his Blooi, high'y neceflary to be ufed
at this time in Great Britain. A Character of a City Church-

warden, the Cuftoms of the Citizens on the Sabbath-day, the | bo

Pride, [ntrigues, and Degeneracy of the City Wives, ofthe
Band of Petticoat Pentioners begetting young: Merchants

and Shopkeepers: Alfo of the Adventures of N--rt--n and}.

Rodigo, twa famous Stallions, &c. Sold by ‘I. Warner, at-
the Black Boy in Pater Nofter Xow, and by the Bookfellers
of London and Weftminfter. Price one Shilling.
Juft publifhed,

*;* A true, authentick and impartial Hiftory of the Life
and gloiious Actions or the CZAR of MUSCOVY: From
his birth to hisdeath. Containing, I. an exact account of his
title, defcent, family and iffue. II. His detection of the
feveral plots tormed again(thim, and his punishment of. the
con{pirators. III. His Wars with the turks, {wedes and po-
landers; andhis fuccefsful and unparalleled conquefcs over
thole people. IV. Histravelsinto Euro.e, &c, for the im-
rovement of'arts, {cicnces, military difcipline and naval af-
airs, more particularly co germany, holland, and the courts
of Englandand France. V. His remarkable fpeech at his

| szarewitz his

fon, hisnomination of a fucce@or, nis ficknefs, death and
interment. The whole compiled from fhe Kuflian, High
Dutch and French Jangiiges, {fate papedt and other pub..t-
authoricies. Printed tor A Bettcfworth in Pater Nofter Row,
G. Strahan; W. Meadows, in Cornhill; J. Stagg in Welt-
minfter Halt; J. Graves in St. jamess Street ; S. Chap-
man in pall-mall; .<. Frankling in Covent Garden; J.
Harding in St. martin’s-lane ; T. Edlin in the Strand, and J.
jJackfon near st. James's Houfe, price 55.

This Day is publifhed, the 2d. Volume (with a compicat In-
dex to both Voiu.ncs,
toil) of, — oo.
wr A Your thro’ the whole !flind of Great Britain, divi-
ded into Circuits or Journies. Giving a particular and diver-
ting Account of whatever is Curious and worth Obfervation,
viz, I. A Difeription of ghe principal Citics and owns,
their Sicuation, M‘gnitude, Government, and Commeice.
Il. The Cuftoms, Manners, Speech, as allo the Exerci-es,
Diverfions and Einployment of the People. IL1. The Prosuce
and Improvement of the Lands, the Trade and Manuza-
cturcs, 1V. The Sea-Ports and Fortifications, the Courte of
Rivers, and the inland Navigatian. V.Thz publick Edifices,
Seats, and Palaces of the wNobility and Gentry. With ufe-
ful.Oofervations upon the tVhole. Particularly fitted for the
reading of fuch as‘defire to travel over the Ifland. By a Gen-
tleman, Printed and fold by G. Steahan, in Cornhill; W.
Mears, at the Lamb without ‘Cemple-Bar; R. Francklin
under ‘fom's Coffee honfe, Covent-Garden ; S. Chapinan, and
J. Jackfon, in Pall-M2U, and J. Stagg, in Wekminiter-Hall.

; jut publith’d,

* * A Collection of Sermons by Mr. Collier, at 5s. per
Pook, in Sheets, large Paper 10s. "To be hadof vir. Smith and
the Author, at the Bell the Corner of Lambs-Condnit Paf-
fage in Rei-Lion-ftreet Holbourn. Where may be had the
Author’s Ecclefiaftical Hiftory, and Appendix to Morery’s
Dictionary.

Steen or ftrayed on Thurfday Night the roth ef June, out

of th Grounds of Mr. John. Phillips ot Camberwell, in the
Country of Surry, 2 black, thick, punchion Gelding, about 14
Hands and a halt high, with a lictle white Snip on his Fore-
head; he goes very wide behind ; a fhort fwith Tail; and tull
7 Years old. It offered to be fuld, you are defited to ftop both
the Horfe and Perfon ; and whoever brings the faid Horfe to
Mr. Henry Farmer, a Corn-Chandier, in Red-Crofs Street in
the Park in Southwark, in the faid County, fhall receive ofhim
2 Guineas Reward for the fame, and all reafonable Charges.

Tic ROYAL CORDIAL TINCTURE, whofe Excel-
lencies have been formerly mentioned in this Paper, it
being the moft fovereign Med cine, and effectual Cure for
the Cholick, healing the Bowels, creating Appetite, and re-
ftoring Health; as likewife preventing the Gont from entring
into the Head or Stomach. Soldonly at Mr. V. Grimftead’s
at the Black Swan, 1n St. Paul's Church-Yard; Mrs. Cooper's
Toythop, the Corner of Charles-Street in the Strand, and
by the Maker, at the Green Lamp in Swallow-Street, Ficka-
dilly, at 3s, 6d. each Bottle. Where may be likewift had
the true Holt Water, for {corbutick Humours,
Againft the VENEREAL DISEASE

TH ramous Italian BOLUS, has fo great SuccefS in

the Cure of the Venereal Diftafe, that not one or the
great Numbers that daily take it mifS ofa perfect Cure; and
tho” fo very cheap as 2s. 6d. each, yet four Boluffes never
fail to root qt and carry off the moft malignant, virulent,
and obftinate kind of the venerial Difeafe, without Confine-
ment, or making your Cafe known to any; which, if it fails
todo, the Money is returned. This great Medicine likewift
deftrays Mercury, and carries it out of the Body, and by
relieves thofe unfortunate Perfons who have fallen into bac
Hands in former Cures. Is to be hed only at the Flaming
Sword the Corner of Ruffel-Street, over-againft Will’s Coffee:
Houle, Covent-Garden s atid if {old at any other Plate is :
te it. °

and a Map of the roads by Mr.{| T

had }a Cure in moft Gafs.

; W.Rayner, Surgeon, living at tae blue Poits in Prefton’é

. Yard, the lower end of the minories, the name Rayner and
golden Ball hanging over the Gate, near Little Tower Hill,
Ath a Speedy and fafe cure for the,pox or clap, with allits
various fymptom: y his famous chymical drink, being
pleafant in tafte, yet effe: Lin curing that dangctous difeafe
Which has been the ruin of hundreds by falling into, unski fal
hands. Icure (under God) the moft inveterate pox, in three
wecks at fartheft, as ticersin the throat, loft palate, finking
of the nofe, phymofis, paraphymofis, fhankers, pocxy warts,
buboes, or fwelling in any part. If your body be {ull of ulcers
and fcabs, in a few days [ remove all thofe heterogenous par-
ticles, taking away all pains in the head, fhou'ders, and thin
nes, fo that this falubrious liquor reftotés the body to perfect
health They that have made tryal of if wonder at the cures
it performs. ‘Thof2 who have newly got 2 clap, may entirely
dependana cure by taking two or chrge dafes of my vencreat
Pi lsor boluff:s, without hindrance of bufinef§, or it bet
nown to the neareft relation or bedéellow. I fhall not ufe
many invitations, but rather leave you to make exnerience,
which {s beyond all argument. Ina word, let your condition
be never fa bid, diftruft not, for I promif: very fair, nocnre no
money. Idoany thingin Surgery. My pil's and boluties are
ufesiil for fea and land, which I have alwys ready by nie.
Note, there’s a light at my door in an evening.

INCTU2A NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordial
Tin-rure for the Nerves, being an approved, experienced
and never-failing Medica:nent in finking, languifiing, and
lowricts of Spirits, Palpitation, or Trembling of the Heart, in
all paralitick, foporof and canvulfive Diftempers, and in all
Head and Nerves; itinfatlidly prevents the
bad E.feéts of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, whigh ogcafions
in moft People the above-men:iored Diforters (with
more, which you'll {ce at large in the printcd Book of Direct
ons) but yet by taking a few Drorsof thismef pleafant 471i-
eate Cordia!, in the firft Dih of Coffee or Tea, yort my ren
Jrick at Liherty ; for this great Medicine penetrates throvrn
“ls whole nervous Syftem, and f veerits the Prema so" oS
cordia vith a fall Tnflux of exulting Soirits, whieh 2":
BufineS >" vita’ Function vith rah Afaerity, aad ow cr
nefSs furhe> 2.4 Pulfe, whigh lay feabie at wav cy.
falls a beacnc vigcrsufly, and with great Besant: 0
aver, it wonde: Suis diderfes Fear, Sadnefs, confafed Tach:
Mvitchings of ‘the Logzsand Arms, difturbed Sleco, anton.
difmal Train of “Js 251s and Melancholy. It linex'& fo
Vomiting, puts o NaufzoufnefS, procuresa Roe oo 68,
aniis now in great Eitcem amongft Quality of the set ing.
Sold only at G. Scrahar's, Bookfeller, at the Golden #2:.'9
Cornhill, over-againft the “.oyal-Exchange, and at no o*8act
Place. Price os. 6d.
ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Ju-
lep, which is known by many Years Exverience to be a ne-
Y ver filing Medicine in old obftinate Afthma’s, whofe fu'to-
cating Fit it puts off in a Moment; it gives a perfect Relief
in #raining laborious Coughs, that are unmercifully trouble-
fome Night and Morning ; ’tisa moft excellent Remedy tor
Shortnefs of Breath upon any Motion,-and in Breathing wich
Diffcnicy, Straightnef& of the Breaft, with Hoarfencfs anl
Wheezing. Nothing exceeds this admirable Julen, for by onen-
ing the Brouchial Duéts and Penuntonick Paflages; it pene-
rrates in the inmoft Recefles of the Lungs, and there mecting
with tongh, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Phiegm, fo attenuates,
divides, moves and works it, that by coughing and foitting, iz
axpeétorates and throws up all fiich Matter with the greatic
Rafe and Pleafire, thereby cleanfing and freeing the Preatt
and Lungs, when ftuffed up and clogged with a heavy Load, 7n:3
fo prevents Contiumptions, Ulcers of the Lungs, &e. Ne,
It is a fafe and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken by Spronit's,
according to the printed Nireétions, without the lea% Coxvine-
ment, or Danger of catching Cold. To behadat Mr. George

by 2 “EL

Strahan’s at the Golden-Ball over-againft the Raya!-Exchange,
Cornhill, and at no other Place. Price 2s. 5d.
[ HENRY COX, living next > r tot?
} a Sign of the Fal¢on, againft the ~.
Tavern in Holborn, having,
inn Cold, which fell into my Eyes, ‘aft my
Sight, infomnch that I did never expect I fhoutd ever be
brought to fee again, but happily was advifed to make Ufe .
of Mrs.Cater, who, not only at firft Sight, to my to fmall
Comfort, told me I was curable, and alfodid, under God, per-
form the fame in as fhort a Time as could be exve-tted ; and
this I do for no other Intent but for the Good and Benefit of
thofe who may meet with the like Affliction: The faid Mrs. Ca-
ter ftill lives in Caftle-Court, Birchin-Lane, at the Sign of the
Note, She cures without any Inftrument 3} and fhe infa!libly
cures the Ague, without the leaft Grain of Cortex, or that
they call the Jefuits Bark. Price five Shillings the Vial. “No
Letters received exccpt Poft paid.
Ptecruarinss Mirabile: Or, the Admirable Electuary,
which infallibly cures all Degrees and Symptoms of the
Secret Difeafe, with mare Eafe, Speed and Safety, than any ©
Medicine yet publifh’d ; any old Running, &c. though of £-
veral Years ftanding, whether occafion’d by an over-ftrain,
Weaknels of the Seminals, or the Kelicts of a former Infe2i-
on, ir certainly cur’d ina fhort Time, without a Minute’s
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ufe of Aftringents ; beify}-@,.
Medicine fo wonderfully pleafant and cafy in its Opergft
that the niceft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may@a
with Delight: ‘Two Pots are generally fufficient to comp
es. To be hadonly of the Author D¥Ggy
a Graduate Phyfician, who has publifhed it 20 Years, faite
tonfantly to be advis'd with at his Houfe at the Goldgn‘8a
ane as p, in Bow Church- Yard in Cheapfide, at balf a Gujnte-

 ~

WRIGHT"s Diuretick, orcleanfng Tin@ure:  -.«
wt ich urinally difcharges all the feeces or putrid telicks of*
the Lues Alamode, or Venercal infection, atidsaufesi
its Concommitants, the wretched Train of that congpli :
Diftemper, asa mucous, filthy, {anious Matter lodg’fin the:
Reins, or ipermatick Parts, which either canfe'a fharpnefs in:
the Urine, or too trequently provokes it. ‘Ehis Relick is

*.* A LETTER to the Right Honourable the Lord
Chief Juftice KING, on his Lordihip’s being defign’d a

PEER., .
oscosceeA LEUSque & Idem }
a Nalteris.------------- -._Ffor.
Printed for J. Roberts in Warwick-Lane. Price 6d.
HEREAS notwithftanding the Laws made for the
V .Prefervation of the Game of this Kingdom, divers Ma-
lefactors have of late cairied on the Practice of ftealing Game,
Poultry and their Eggs, received, or concealed the fame when
‘tclen. Thefe are to give Notice, thatfuch Mulefactors wiil
be profecuted for fucn their Felonies and Mifdemeanours
with the utmoft Severity, withouc any Expence to the Party
robbed, on Notice, by the Poft paid, unto Mr. Keginald
Hebcr in Bell-Yard, near Temple-Bar, London: And that
whoever difcovers any @ffender in the Fromifes unto tiie {aid
Mr. Heber, fo as fuch Offender be convicted of any of the
{aid Offences, he or fhe fhall in ten Days after flich Convicti-
on, receive the Reward of five Pounds of the fuid Aur. Heber,
and fhall be further encouraged according to his or their Dili-
gence in detecting fuch Offenders.

TINCTURA MIRIFICA’; Or, the miraculous Tingture
4 for the Stone and Gravel, a few Drops of which momen-
tarily takes of€ the moft excrutiating Pains either in the Keins
or Bladders, andcertainly prevents their Return: For it ab-
folutely cures that Diftemper in a wonderful Manner, inftant-
ly removes all Uneafinefs of’ Difficulty in making Wutcr, heals
ail Excoriations, and even Ulcers of the urinary Paffages, re-
laxcs the Ureters, fo that imal! Srones, together with Gravel,
and all mucous, flimy, obftruéting Matter, niay pats treely
from the, Kidneys to be voided vitibly with Urine, «ithout
Pain, effectually cleanfes both the i<eins and Bladder from
all Iinpurities, entirely prevents the Stone in thofe trat are
troub‘ed with the Gravel only, affuredly diffolves all large
Stones poffible to be diffolv'd, and likewife brings all thofe Parts
and Paflages to their due Tone and Vigour, fo as perfectly
to free the Patient from all the fevere Symptoms and mi-
ferable Effects of that torturing Difeafe: ’Tis the fufeft Mc-
dicine in the World, and not difagreeable to take; the yery
firft Dote of it abfulutely cures the moft dread wl Fit o: either.
Stone or Gravel, in a Minute, giving fuch wonderful ietief
and periect Eafe, as is indeed very furprifing. Is to be had
only at Mr. Radford's Toyfhop, at the. ole and Crown aguift
St. Clement’s Church-Yard in the Strand, near Arundel-
Strect-End, at 3s. 6d.a Bottle, with Directions,

PAsoCUS Drops for HYPOCONDREIAC MELANCHO-
LY: Which effectually cure on the Spot, by_1ectifying
the Stomach and Blood, eleanfing them from all Impurities,
and giving a new Turn to their Ferment, attenuating all vil-
cous ieaacious Humours, which make the flc-ad heavy, clog tne
Spirits, confufe the Mind, and canfe the deepeft Melancholy,
with direftll Views and black Keflections) comforting the Brain
‘and Nerves, compofing the hurried Thougtits, and introducing
bright lively Ideas and pleafant Brisknefs, inftead ot difinal
‘Apprehenfions and dark Incumbrance of the Soul, fetting the
Intelleétuals at Liberty to aét with Courage, Serenity, and
fteady Chearfulncfé, and caufing a vifible diftufive Joy to reign
in the Koom of uneafy Doubts, Fears, &c. for which they
may be truly efteemed infallible. Price 3s.6d. a Bottle, with
Directions. Sold only at W. Bells, Bookfeller, at the Crofs-
Keys and Bible in Cornhill, near the Royal-Exchange.
The Great Vencreal Antidote.

Bax a moft Sovereign Medicine, and very pleafant to

take, which perfcétly cures without Confinement or Dif-
arder, al] the Degrecs of the Venereal Difeafe; with fuch Soeed,
Eafe, and Safety, that itis admired by all, Frefh Infections
are cur’d by it in a few Days, and alfo the moft malignant
Clap, or virulent Kunning of the Reins, with ftoppage of
Urine, Heat or Pain in making Water, Sorenefs of the Pri-} v1, aft. andj
vities, and every other Symptom that attend this grievous knowing Bhyfician now efteemed and recommended by Pmt

>

Diftemper, as have been happily experienced by Hundreds of ,
Perfons of both Sexes in private Practice, without any other | ¥ Citing Agues, that ever was found Pee the ee

on ! ‘ been fe muchas once k fail; moft
Medicine, which can fearcely be faid of any other Thing be-]} 7 fas once known to fall; molt o a
fides it felf; it alfo very fafely and fpeedily removes alt e- were cured, for fome Years paft, fo as not to return again, .
licks of former Infection, or ill and mifmanaged Mercurial the Crom sby it. Is fold only at W. Bells, a Bookfllers, at
Courfes, and thus this noble Antidote, which hath not its Fel- |“ © 10 sKeys and Bible in Cornhill, near Stocks-Market, -
low, speedily and fafely eures every Degree of the Venereal 2S. $d. the Gallipot, with Directions. Atthe fame Place
e,.

Difeafe, and all the ill Confequences of mifmanaged Mercuni- | 8 2!f0 fold the moft excellent Plaifter for Corns, being the.
al Courfes, by carrying off che Poyfon of the Difeafe, and] My infallible one in the World for giving Eafe and taking:-

Mercury, tho’ rooted in the very Bones or Marrow, by very them quite away without Trouble, as Thoufands have experi-

gentle Evacuation. Sold only at Mr. Leckton’s Toythop at | °"°e4. Price 1s. a Box, with Directions. | .

the Griffin, the Corner of Bucklersbury in the Poultry, at 6 s. A new Edition is juft publifhed,.of” -

the Pot, with DireStions fo plain, that any, though never fo THe Practical Scheme of the SECRET

nough may cure themfetves. Two of them are generally e- f DISEA aE a t GUEET, ait a Feoke
ough to cure in mof es. , onftitution by | lving, former. |

T the HUNGARY WATER WARE- a Salivations, Mercury, &c. teaching Perfons —

“HOUSE,.at the Black Boy and Comb, So Wea ey to underitand Rightly their own Cafe, and |

} a2 Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage- PL to cure themfelves without making their

1 Inn on Ludgate-Hill, is fold right French ad ondition Known to any one. Dedicited

L Ve . .
I. el he fame Sort fold ORG | to Dr. Chamberien. This highly ufcfnt
fever ears pal 7 Fee aly diftinguithed and inftrnétive little Pook is Given Gratis Up One Pair of

sal unterfeit Sort fold a- | Stairs at the Celebrated Anodyne NECKLACE, Recom-

Ties rom ue Frown,  p vetended to he imported mended by Dr. Chamberlen for Children’s ‘Teeth Next o the
om Montpelter, &c, Likewifé the following foreign Com- | Rofe, Tavern without Temple-Bar. and at Mr. Jeremiah
Re : . ali.Pint 3 * FithAi ope s lah ALy © ; ol

neg t French Hungary Water, at 1s. 34. the : rignt over-againit the Royal-Exchange. Where arc to he b

‘ the famous Anodyne NECKLACES for Childien’s Peeth:

o Day is publifked (No. 8. for the Month of Jime) .which
Tonterns fhe Diicovery of. the famous Kiver of Plate, {e-
ral Aétions :n the Ifthmus of. America, with a Defcripti-
on of that Country; their ftrange Funerals, and Idols 5
the founding or i-anama and Nombre de Dios: An A.c-
count of Florida; and an Introduction to the wonderful

Actions of Cortes in New Spain. - .

*.* ‘Lhe General fHiftory of the vft Continent and Iflands
of A*EKICA, commonly called the Weft-Indies, from the
firft Liifcovery the:eof: With the beft Accounts the People
could give of their Antiquities. Collected from the Original
Reiztions fent to th: Kings of Spain. By Antonio De Her-
rera, Hiftoriographer to his Catholick Majefty. Tranflated
into Engliih by Captain JohnStevens, ‘To be continued
Monthly. To be illuftrated with Cutts, as Cecafion fhall ot-
fer. Printed for J. Baticy in Pater-Nofter-Row. Price rs,
Where ail the former Numbers may be had for 1 s. each.

*.* Propofa's are given out for publishing by Subferij tion,
Colleations relating to the Hiftory of MARY Queén ot
Scotland ; confifting chiefly of feveral Records and Papers of
State, never be‘ove printed, which afford great Light in the
Hiftory of that Queen ; with four {mall Books, very {cayce,
Pro and Con. Kevifed and publifhed by James -Anderiyn,
Writer to his Majelty’s Signer, and Pat Anderfon his Son.
In 4 Vols. in a large Quarto, on fuperfine Paper. Whereot
three Volwnes are very near finiin’d, and will ke deliver'd
to the Subfcribers the beginning of Augut next, and the qth
in November next. Prupofals are given out, and Subfcripti-
ons taken in, by Mr. Strahan in Cornhill, Mr. Innys at the
Wek-End of St. Paul's, Mr, Brown without Temple-Bar,
Mr. Vaiilint in the Strand, Mr. Woodman in Kuffel-ftrect,
Covent: Garden, and by the Editors at the 1.ed Lamp the Up-
per End of Aing-Streer, colden-Square, London ; andat Pla-
to’s.=:ead on the South Side of the Crof$ of Edinburgh: At
all whic Places the Books may be feen, as far as already
printed. i. B. Thefe Co-lettions are quite different from
thofe lately publith’d by Meffieurs Woodman and Lyon.

Juft publifhed, =

~ Dedicated to the Lord Cheif Juftice King,

*.* The Student's Companion; or, the Keaitns of the
Laws of England: Shewing the principal Keafons and Motives
whereon our Laws and Statutes are grounded, in the moft ef-
fentiat and capital. Points, not only in civil but criminal
Cafes; together with the Law it felt; fo as to.convey toali
Students, and cthers, the fundamental Knowledge of the Law,
neceflary in their Studies. Printed for T. Corbet at Addifon’s
Head, without Uemple-ar. Price 3s. 6d. Where may

Lad . z ~

‘he Attorney and Solicitor’s Companion: or, Compleat
Man. Contuining the Laws, Statutes, Rules, and Orders of
our Courts, relating to f.ffidavits; and alfo inftructions for
Drawing, and great Variety of -Forms of Affidavits, in all
Courts, and all Caufes. To which are adde1, Some curious
Depofitioys and Interrogatoriesin the moft extraordinary Cafes,
with Lirections how to be taken by Commiffioners to exa-
mine Witnefles. rice 1s.-64d, -

The New WATER-ENGINE, invented and made by
Richard Newfham, of Cloth-Fair, London. ;
W Each for Conyedienre, Readinefs, and Performance in
’ quenching of Fires, &c. doth fo evidently appear to the
World to be the mdit preferable; infomuch that others
have, ot late, attempred to make of the fame Sort, (or
in Imitation thereot’) though contrary to Authority gran-
ted by his Majefty’s Letters Patent, which (indecd) did not
ful:y comprehend and fecure my Property therein; this
my latter Fivention differing fo much from the firft, in Re-
gard to its greater Ufefulneis, that his Majefty hath been
graciowlly pleafed to grant me his fvcond Letters Patent
tor the fame ; -as alfo for feveral other Inventions for raifing
Water, &c. Wherefore having his Majefty’s Grant, under
the Great Seal, for the fole Making and Vending thefe faid
Engines, &c. andthat no other Perion or Perfons whatever
fhail, in any wife, ufe, counterfeit, or imitate them, either
by Addition thereto, or Subftraction thercfrom, (which arethe
exprefs Words in his Majefty’s Royal Grant) I therefore pub-
ifh this, requiring all Perfons who prefume to imitate the
Tame, ro take Notice hereof, as they will anfwer fuch Con-
tempt at their Peril. : RICH. NEWSHAM.

THE incomparab.e Powder for cleanfing the Teeth, which
"'f bas given fo great Satisfaction to moft of the Nobility and
“Gentry in England, for above thefe 2c Years, notwithftanding
the many Counterfeits fince its firft Publication, endeavouring
"to imitate. this the only true original Powder. Sold only at
Mr. Palmer’s Farthop, in St. Michael’s Church-Porch, Corn-
“hi,: at Mr. Markham’s Toyfhop at the 7 Stars under St. Dun-
ftan’s Church, Fleet-Street, and no where elfein England. . It
at once ufing makes the. Tecth as white as Ivory, tho‘ never fo
__ black or yellow, and effectually preferves them from rotting
' -or decaying, continuing them found to exceeding old Aga. It]}}
- wonderfully cures the Scurvy in the Gums, prevents Rheum or
. De?ustion, kills Worms at the K oot of the Teeth, and there-
- by hinders the Tooth-ach.. It admirably faftens loofe Teeth,
being a neat cleanly Medicine, of apleafant andgrateful Scent.]
_ Price rs. the Box. Note, all the Nobility, Gentry, &e. who fend
to Mr. Markham’'s for the Powder for the Tecth, are defired to
give ftric! Orders not to miftake the Shop, (MARKHAM
at length is under the Seven Stars) becanfe moft of the Toy-

Lebility or Weaknefs of the Back, a fetid naufeons.:
averting Smell of the Urine, with 2 purulent Matter, OF.
feculent Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or Hying in it, with
Variety of Figures. Farther, this Tincture efpecially carries.
off all Relicks of the Venereal Difeafe, after ill mana
Cures, notwnly cleanfing the Urinary Paflages of all Sand.
Gravel, Films, or membrancous Pellicles, &c. but after a
fingular Efcacy, invigorating the Reins, rceftoring them, and
all their genital Parts, co their original Tone and Ufe, though,

qual Succefs in each Sex. To be had for 10s. per Bottle, with.
Directions for its Ufe, only at his Houfe, the Golden Head
and two Lamps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill,

_. Lhe Great Reftorative,
IN all hyftcrick Difeafes, whither hypochondriach Melancholy
In Men, or Vapours in Women, however cir ' » Or
to what Degree foever advanced, or of ever fo long ftanding,
are {peedily and infullibly cured, fo as never to return again, —
by a pleafant compound s:edicament, chymically prepared ot”.
the choiceft Anti-Hyftericks in the whole Art of Chymiftry = °
This: Medicine having cured Thoufands of Men and Women. '
of Melancholy and Vapours, may be depended on fora perteae
Cure ; it ftrikes immediately at the firft Caufe of’ this Dit -
per, and entirely deftroys it Root and Branch, re<tifying thar
vitizted Ferment in the Stomach, whieh is generally the fir
and chiet Caufe, and thereby cures Indigettion, purifies the
Blood and Spirits, ftrengthens the Brain and Nerves, chears
the whole Frame, {tops Vomiting, clears the Head from confu-
fed Tnoughts, removes Féars, Sainefs, difturb'd Sleep, Twitch-
ings Of the Arms or Legs, cures Palpitation or Trembling of
the Heart ; and indeed ali other the many and various Symp-
toms that attend this’ grievous Diftemper; for take away the
Caufe and the Erect will ceate..§ Sold jor 48.64. the Bottie,
“ olden Ball on Puddle- “Hill, near Ludgate-
and no where eife. . 7 HOG OMEBATE SUTeaty
All Sorts of RUPTURES,
URSTEN or brokan Bellies, perfeétly cur'd by the Blef-
» fing of God, cither on old or young; in a very little
Time, and fora fmall Charge, by twe Medicines to be exter-
nally nfed, without any Painto, or Continement of, the Pati-
cnt. Thefé two Kemedies need no other Recommendation
than them{elves will manifeft in two or three Days ufing, .ha-
ving, by their admirable and even aftonifhing Succefs, gain'’d
tie Reputation they juftly deferve both in City and Country;
for above thefé twenty Years laft paft, after wearing Truie -
fus for many ‘Years, to no Purpofé: Many Hundreds of all
Agesand Sexcs have been cur'd by them, which oceafioned |
this Publication, for the Good of the Publick, that all fuch -
unhappy People may be delivered from the Charge and Slave-.-
ry of always wearing Trufics. They are feal’d up, at 5s. the
Parcel, which is generally fuificient for a compleat Cure, ef
ccially on a young Perfon, and is now (fince Mrs. Bradbury
eit off. Shookceping) fold only by Mr. Sanders; Haberdathex
of Smail Wares, at the Bine-Ball Toyfhop in Fenchurch-
Street, near Aldgate. N.B. it is by the Uf of an eafy
Trufs, &e. that thofe two externa! Medicines. are applied to
the Part affe&ted, till the Cure is perfected, as will be feen by
the Dircétions at large given with them.

Th EK famons PLAISTER for the Stomach, which in&l-
_ libly cures all Sorts of Agues in 24 Hours time, without
any other Rhyfick, as has heen happily experienced by mnany
Thoufands in this publick Way of Sile for above théft ten

fhops in his Neighbourhood, feeing Multitudes coming to his i re il Flask. oS
Shepfor it, have trump'd up Counterfeits, and fell their Sruff! Rien Tih Uigu: sigh, af ss. the Half pint Rottle. tealed np along with the Liquid Coral to make the Gum give
in Imitatic.i of our known and approved Powder, in prejudice| Fine Orange-Flower Water, at 1s 6d. per Flask. way for the Teeth to come out without Pain.’ Price both to-
tothe Pubiich. NB. At the fame Places are fold the highly| Ali Sorts of Leghorn and Bermtida Hatts for Ladies. gether s-s- /ind the famous Pectoral LOZENGES for thar
eftecmed Lip-Salve for’ Ladies, &c. of a charming and delight-|’ NB. There is a Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Flask, to | Uneatinefs at Stomach called tac FLEART-BU N, Gx-pence
prevent Counterfeits. . _ a Paper. ne

fil Scent. Price 1s. each Box
LONDON: Printed by N. AIST, in Great-Carter-Lane.

difcoverable, partly by the fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a:

the Mistur:une and Decay be of tne Iongeftc ate, withanes .

the Agnes thar —

Sf
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 19 June 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786104/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 