MIST’s WEEKLY JOURNAL

ee

Mr. Mift, .
DSA Tis no uncommon Thing for a
Gruh-Street Author to be now and

é then troubled wich an Itch of fay-
ing fomething to the World, with-
out knowirg what, or why, or how;
RAEWA and it would be an Hardfhip in
fufterable to them, if they were wholly depriv'd
of Means to communicate their no-Thoughts to

Mankind.

SATURDAY, JUNE 5,

Streer where he liv’d, when hearing of this So-
ciety, he muft needs joyn himfelf to then, to fee

(Nome. 6.]

1725.

At laft, with much ada, he was perfwaded tht ptry Seribler would be thought a Wir, and everv
thar was not the way to attain the Chara€ter he ) Sign Pott-dawber an Apelf:s. By infertirg this in
aim'd ar, bue that he mutt frequent a civiliz’d | your nex:, you will oblize fome of your canftant
Cempany, and acquire, if pofible, a Knack of | Readers, and among the reft, ,
talking of feveral ‘Things, tho’ he might nor un- Your hucwable Servanr,
derftand them. MISOMORUS

In order to this, he enquires about for Perfons
of the belt Senfe and greatclt Learning in the

FORETIGN AFFAIRS.
_ By Lerrers fram Spain we are advitet, that
the Infanta contipues her Journey to Madrid by

if he could pick up a litele fuperticial Knowledge
there, he was admitted, and now one would be
apt to cherifh fome Hopes of him, burt alas! he
had got a Knack of talking fo faft, and fo filly,
that he was foon excluded.

Eternally nettled with this Excommunication,
he vows Revenge, and having communicated his

Bur this is nor the Cafe with them; their Pre-
deceffors have been too provident to leave Mar-
tersin fuch a Condition, and therefore have in-
vented feveral Ways to give Vent to the Fumes of
their diforder’d Brains ; but the three chict of
them, and which now are moft in Ufe, is by dy-

ing Speeches, penny Hiftories, and the Britifi Ga-
zetteer. - Thoughts to one of his Acquaintance, whom we

An Author of this Rank has Jately appear’d in] fhall call pifforius, they at luft conclude, that the
the laft of thefe Merhods, under the Name of} belt way would be to expofe the whole Society in

fhore Stages, that in the great Towns, thro"
Which fhe is to. pafs, they are preparing Bull
Fealt, nad osher Diverfions for her Entertain
ment, and thacat Madrid the Inhabitants have
obrain’d Leave of the King to exhibit a Bull Feaft
in the great Square of that City, upon the Arrival
of this Princefs in the fame magnificent Manner
they were carried on of old several of the
Adherents of the Emperor who had retired our
of Spain and follow'd that Prince, are alread

arrivd at Barcelona, in order to take Poffefion

Morigerus, and has endeavour’d (alas, poor Mun «| Print.
methinks I fee him ftraining for the Delivery of

fome abortive Pun!) to expofe a Society of Per-|

fons much better than himfelf, who meet once a
Week at a Coffee-Houle near Afcorfields, but has
been really expofing himlelf allthe while, , |

To give you a Tatte of fome of the Beauties
which fhine threugh his Compolirion ; the City
Sradt-Houfe and Madman-College, feem ta be two
favourite Terms; for, I think, he is fo fond of
them, that he will exprefs his Thoughts in no
other Words, though, yerhaps, more to the
Purpofe. oo,

This puts me in mind of what is fait by fome
Authors, “ That the Caufe of Madnefs is a not
«* being able to feparate two or more Ideas. wide-
“ly differing in themfelves, which always go to-
«© gether in che Mind, or immediately follow one
“S another. *

You will obferve (Mr. a/#,) that whenever he
happens to fpeak of a certain Gentleman, (for he
is a Lawycr by Profeffion, to ufe his own Words)
immediately his Thoughts are turn’d upon the Bu-
finefs and Tubs of a Cooper; Now tu account for
this, I know no other Way, than by fuppofing
him (which is very probable) to have been a
Profeffor in that College he fo much celebrates.

I believe, indeed, there is more or fefs of this
Affaciation of Ideas in all Men ; Iam fure Iam
not wholly free; but wherher I have it in fo
great a Degrec, or no, do you judge from this
one Inftance, that whenever Mor/gerus comes into
my Mind, I can’t help thinking of a Barber's
Block.

The Occafion of the two Speculations of that
famous Author was this ; a certain Perfon, whofe
Bufinefs it isto delineate all the feveral Sorts o
Triangles, and other fuch like Figures, upon
Sail-Clouths, and to diftinguifh a Globe of the
World into its feveral bluc, yellow, and green
Provinces, had the Ambition, fome Time ago,
to be thought Some-body ; in order to which, he
ufes all poffible Means to acquire the Name o
a Limner, which laft (1 and he knows with how
much Difficulty) he ette&ed ; but this did not
long farisfy him, ke had ftill higher Views, and
now his Aims are at the Character and Reputa-
tion of a Gentlemar; in order to this, he gets
drunk, beats the Watchmen, breaks Windows,
rouls in the Dirt, and performs all the Aftions of

a Bully in the laft Century.

f| this he refolves upon a Revenge and expofes the

flinto the Hands of the aforefuid Club, fome of the

of their Eftates, according to the late Stipulation
made in the Treaty of Vienna. They add

thar Sir Patrick Lawlefs, a Native of Ireland,
who is return’d from his Embaffy in France, is
to be made Governour of Cazalonia.

Weare advifed from Paris, thar on the firft
of June N. S. the King named the Dake of Anftin
to zo and perform the Ceremony of demandin
the Queen, for which Purpofe he ts invetted vite
the Craracter of Ambaffador Extraordina ry from
the motk Chvriftian King, to King Sraniflaus of
Poland.—The Duke de Getvers was at the fame
time named tor carrying the Prefents of Jewels,
anu the Count of Charlerois to marry her, as his
Majefty’s Proxy. ——Mademoitelle de Clermont,
Who is appoiited Superintendent of her Maje:ty’s
Houfhold, 1s fhortly ro tet our wirh twelve Ladies
of Quality, to coadugt and attend her Majeity
upon her Journey.

But here a new Difficulty arote, they did nor
know how it was to be done, for they pkainly fiw
that it was a thing that fo far exceeded their Ca-
pacitics, and this had put an eifectual Stop to that
Affair, if Pifforius had not bethoughe huntelf of
a delirious old Man, who had been employ‘d for
many Years in tranflating the Hiltory of Z.rck the
Fiper, Tom Thumb, and Tom Hickuthrift into Englip
Verfe, to him therefore they agrcet to reter it,
and a full Por of Ale did the Bufinefs.

The next thing was, who muft print it, Piferins,
mention’d you, (Mr. az!) “ Ah! no, hang
‘him (fays Morigerus) heisa furly, ill-nacur’d
© Doy, [have fent him feveral Letre:s betore, and
‘ he never had the Manners to put them in his
§
€

ournal, and I amrefolv’d he fhan't have icin
his Power to refufe che beft Thing Lever writ,
‘no, there is Mr. Read, my particular Friend,
¢ he fhall have it, and I am fure he will not be fo
‘ ungrateful as to refute it.” Ah? Mr. ane! when
Read prints what Morigeres writes, you and I
fhould lay by the Per, and turn gentle Readers.
Bur there is nothing certain in human Athars,
even our belt Friends may defeat us, and itis no
uncommon thing to fee the Bonds of Friendfhip
broke, fo it happen’d in this Cafe ; Mr. L y
would have all the Reputation of this ftupendous
Piece of Nonfenfe to himfelf, his Argument was,
becaufe he bought the Ale, the Fumes of which
diftill’d down into Morigerus’s Pen, and therefore
that he was the fole Caufe of the Wit that ap-
ear’d in it, Morigerws would not allow the Argu-
ment to be juft, this was the Occafion of an unfor-
tunate Squabble, wherein Moricerus’s infirm Body
was kick’d down Stairs, and forely bruis’d : Upon

. LONDON, fune 5.

His Majelly came on Monday to the Houle of
Peers, and being in his Roya! Robes feared on
the Throne, with the ufual Sulemniry, Sir Wil-
liam Saniderfon, Gentleman-Ufher of the Blactc
Rod, was tent with a Meflaze from his Majelty co
the Houfe of Commons, commanding their At-
tendance in the Houle of Peers; the Commons
being come thither accordingly, his Majefty was
pica to give the Royal Affenr to feveral pub-
ick and private Bills.

After which his Majefty was pleafed to make
the following molt gracious Speech.

My | ords and Gentlemen,
[“ M come to put sn End to this Sefton of Parlia-
_ ment, chich, the’ it bas been evtended to an une
expetted Length, bas bees fa well employed for the Sera
vice and Inteveft of the Fublick, that I affure my felf
tt will be to the general Satispcction of the Naticn,

Gentlemen of the Houfe of Commons,
The prudent Ufe yu bave made of the prefent flourif~
tig State of Credit, by a certain Redu&'on of more than

L rthe fame way that he before had becn
faucy to his Betters.

As foon as the firlt of thefe Letters appear’d in
thofe dark Corners of the World where the
three Half-penny Journal is generally read, ir fell

Members were a little vex’d at ic, and could not
help difcovering their Indignation, till Mr. Chair-
man pacify’d them, by telling them, thar tho’ an

Afs makes as great a Noife asa Lion, yer he is
not alrogether fo formidable. Notice, on Paymtent of fuch Sums, as the Cr. Hn fences »
In Qpe (Mir. mit!) T cannot but conclude, | of the Government wik from Time to Time admit, bas”.

Three Millions Seven Hundred Th:ufand Pounds to walt |
Intevef? of Four per Cént. and by a wife Frovifon fob.
the Redemption thereof by Parliament, «without firiber = *

ace

*,

upon the reading aforigerus’s Works, that ehis isa |fecured a confiderable Addition to the finkimg Fund, oh - 4.
very conceited age we live in, when every paul-' fubject to the Hazard of future Buents. Wye.

~LP-

t.
 ou have nct only ratfed the Supply for the Service of
the curveut Tear, at thy loweft Rate of Ivteref? that bas
bce: ever known, but, ewithou: laying any new Burthen
on my Keople, you buve enabled me to d'f-harge the
Debts cf niy c.vil Government, Debts contraéted by tie~
caffary and toavoldable Expences, and in Support of fuch
Aseajures of Government, as have greatly increafed the
Hisppinefs of my People: Tou have thereby fhewn your
juft Regard to my Honour, and the Dignity of the
Crown,

My Lords and Gentlemen,

As all our putal.ck bleffings are the happy Effedts of ,

e general Tvenquillity we now enjoy, I cannot but ex-
preys my Satisfaction in the Lrovifivus you have made
jr supprefing and preventing Diffurbances and Com-
rictivi.s in thofe Parts, awheve the veace of the Kingdon
mircht have been moft endanger'd.

Notaing more venitins neceffary, than to tell you, that
Tertirrety depend upon the faithful Difibarge of you Dit-
ties sm your feceral Stat‘ons, and on youy covftant Care,
ti your refpettice Countries, to preferve the Peace and
Eutizt of the Putlick: But I krow not bow to part
ay th you evitl out firft returning you my very hearty
itsanks for the many repeated Inflances you have in
tis Seffior: g'cen me of your Duty and Affection: All
fiu.b Returns may be expected from me, as can be nade
by rhe mofi indulgent Erince to an affectionate and loyal
beople,

And then the Lord King, Speaker of rhe Honfe
of Peers, by his Majelty’s Command, fuid,
My Lords and Gentlemen,
1’ 1s his Majefty’s Royal Will and Pleafuve, that
this Parliament be provogued to Thuvfday the firft
Day of Fuly next, to be then here keld; and this Parlia-
mert 1s accordingly prorogued to Thurfday the firft Day
of July next.

Honours and Promotions. On Monday Morning
the Patent was feal’d for creating Lord Chief Ju-
ftice King, Baron King of Ockham 19 Surrey :
The fame Day the Seals were d2livered to him,
and his Lordfhip took the Oath as Lord High
Chancellor of Great Britain. ————~Sir Robert
Eyre, Knt. is made Lord Chief Jjuftice of the
Common-Pleas, in the Room of the Lord King,
Mr. Baron Gilbert, Lord Chicf Baron, in the
Room of the faid Lord Chief Juftice Eyre.

The Duke of Dorfet is made Lord Steward of
the Houthold, in the Room of the Duke of Argyle,
who is made Matter of the Ordnance in the Room
of the Earl Cadogan. The Earl of Lincoln is

made Coffcrer to his Majefty, in the Room of
William Palteney, Efq; The Duke of Bolron

is made Conftable of the Tower, in the Room of |

the Earl of Lincola, and the Earl of Macclesfield
is confined in the Tower in the Room of the late
Earl of Oxford.

Sir George Oxendon, Bart. Member of Par-
liament for Sandwich, is appointed one of the
Lords of the Admiralty. He is gone down to
ftand Candidate again; we hear he will beoppos'd
by—— Cunningham, Efq; George Huxley,
Member for Bedford, is made a Commiffioner for
Vitualling his Majefty’s Navy. ——-—— Edward
Thampfon, Efq; another Member of the Houfe, for
York, is appointed one of the Commifioners of
the Revenue for Ireland. — Walrer Cary, Efq;
a Reprefentative for the Borough of Helfton in
Cornwall, appointed Warden of the Mint.
Richard Weit, Efq, one of his Majefty’s Council
at Law, and Member of Parliament for Bodmyn
in Cornwall, made Lord Chancellor of Ireland,
in the Room of the Lord Middleton, who re-
fign’d (as mention’d ina former Paper.)

The Rev. Mr. Farney, Chaplain and Scere-
tury te the Bifhop of Winchefter, is made Arch-

deacon of Surrey, in the Room of the Reverend
Myr. Billinfley, deaceas’d. The Reverend Mr.
James ‘Chorn, prefented by the Crown to the
Rettory of St. Ives in Cornwall. —— The Rev.
Mr. Barker, prefented to tbe Re&tory of Wood-
mancote in Suffex, and the Rev. Mr. Giles Wat-
kins, to the Vicarage of Childing in the faid
County.

On Thurfday his Majefty went from St. James's
to Lambeth, and fo to Greenwich ; went dire-
tly on board the Carolina Yacht, and fell down
the River for Holland, in the Way to Hannover,
and appointed for the Regency, in his Abfence,

The Archbifhop of Gauterbury.

Lord King, Lord High Chancellor.

Duke of Devonfhire, Prefident of the Council.

Duke of Kingfton, Privy-Seal.

Duke of Dorfet, Steward of the Houfhold.

Duke of Grafton, Chamberlain of the Houfhold.

Duke of Bolron, Conftable of the Tower.

Duke of Argyle, Matter of the Ordnance.

Duke of Roxburgh, Secretary of State.

Earl of Berkley, firft Commiffioner of the Ad-
miralry. . ;

Earl of Godolphin, Groom of the Stole.

Lord Vifcount Townfhend, Secretary of State.

Lord Vifcount Harcourt.

Lord Carteret, Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

Sir Robert Walpole, Knight of the Bath, firft
Conimiffioner of the Treafury. |

Advices from different Parts of Great Britain, &c.

From Duxoli, That the Rt. Hon. the Lord Vil-
count Falmouth, and Richard Edgecomb, Efq;
Vice Treafurers of Ireland, are arrived there ; a
Gentlemanconcern’d in the Treafury in Dublin, ir
fecms, wants proper Vouchers for his Accounts,
to the Tune of go,cco 1.——-The Rt. Hon. Earl
of Angiefea and Col, Handyfide, isalfo arrived at
thar City. John Buck, Efq; is marry’d
to Mifs Mary Dean, a young Lady of a very grear
Fortune. —— From Waterford in the fame
Kingdom, of the 22d paft, That feveral Rogues
in Red are in Confinement in the County Goal
for Robberies, one Boltun is committed to the
faid Prifon, for givizg Poifon to a poor Soldier,
of which he inftanuly dy‘d.

From Edinhureh, That Colonel Cathcart is made
Receives-General, in the Room of Mungo Gra-
ham, Efq; and Mr. Douglats of Covers, Poft-Ma-
fter-General, in the Room of Sir John Inglis, of
that Part of Great Britain call’d Scotland. Alf
Mr. Forbes is made Lord Advocate in Scotland,
in the Room of Mr. Dundas; and Mr. Charles
Ereskin Solicitor-General, in the Room of Mr.
Forbes.

From Glafeow, That a Fire happen'd in that
City, which burnt down about 40 Houfes.

From Newcaftle, That on Wednefday laft Week
the Plate of col. was won by Mr. Fryer’s Bay
Mare. TThurfday, the gold Cup of 50 Guiness,
won by Mr. White’s brown Gelding; and on
Friday the Freemen’s Plate by Mr. Medcalf's
bay Horfe. :

From Haverford-Weft, That the Lady of Fran-
cis Edwards, Efg; Member for that Borough,
died there laft Week.

From Norwich, That the Bifhop arrived there
on the 28th paft, being mer on the Road by a
great Number of the fober Citizens.

From Krow/fley in Lancafbire, That the Earl of
Derby arrived there, having vifited the Earl of
Pomfret’s fine Seat at Eafton, near Tocefter, and
feveral others in the Way.

From Bath, That the Earls of Cardigan and
Peterborough are arrived there, and the Duke

and Durchefs of Kingftsn are come awiy.

Deaths and Crfualties. The Lady-Dowager Al-

cham, Lord Molefworth ; Roth. Jones Ef; jr
Treland, —- Will. Whinnore, Efq, Member of
Parliament for Bridgnorth, Shropshire. Hon.
Henry Pelham, E(q; one of the Reprefentatives for
Lewes in Suffex. ~Sir Peter Mew, Repre-
fentative of Chrift-Church, Hampfhire, Chancel-
lor of the Diocets of Winchefter. ———Dr. Hart-
well, a Prebendary of Durham, worth near 1000 1.
per Ann. laft Tuefday ar Durham. Mr. Apple-
gath a Scarlet Dyer at Wandfworth, going by Wa-
ter’ for London, dropt down dead in the Boat.
A Baftard Child found murthered and hid in the
Cieling at a Farmers Houfe near Barking.—Twyo
Perfors hanged themfelves and one drowned.

Next Friday the Pyrates will be executed.

On Wedneiday the Eait-India Company ended
their March Sale, for Tea, &c. which amounted
to 960,400 1. ‘Fhe Day before it met with fome
Interruption, we hear, by one of the chicf
Officers in that Branch of the Excife, and alfoa
Dealer in Tea, he caufing ic to be declared to the
Buyers, that for any Parcel of Tea, not exceed-
ing 28 1b. Weight, no Draught nor fp. Tare was
to be allowed as usual, which added to whar
former Hardfhips the Dealers cunceive to be
brought upon the Trade, it feems, had liked to
have fent all the Buyers home. However, fine
Green Tea being very fcarce, they continued the
Sule. “Twas ubfervable, the abovefaid Officer in
the Excife did nor buy one Lot; bur on the con-
trary, purchas’d a large Quantity of ordinary
dry'd Tea, a Thing fo pernicious, char the Legt-
flature has thought fit, for the Benefit of the Peo-
ple, to pafs an Aét of Parliament, entirely to
prevent the Ufe of ir, —- N.B. Ordinary
Green Tea is fold from 3—7 to 5s. and finer,
from 5s. to 17 s. per Poutid, in Proportion to the
Goodnefs. Bohce from 8s. 1d. to8s. 8d. per
Ib. without the 4s. per Ib. Excife.

Friday the Knights of the Bath will be inftall’d

We have Advice from Lisbon, that two Dutch
Men of War came in there much fhatter'd in an
Engagement with a Corfair of Algier; in one of
them the Lieutenant and fix Men were kill'd,
and in the other the Captain, Baron Wirtenhorn
was fhot in the Leg, the firft Lieutenant killed,
and 30 Men kill’d and wounded, _

“The Bourdeaux Merchant, Capt.- Beech, is
arrived inthe River, who brings an Account,
that being in Company the 13th of May, in Lat.
46. with a Snow from Bourdeaux, bound to Ire-
land, he faw her boarded and carried off by a
Ketch (fuppos’d to be a Pyrate ;) which Snow, on
the s2d following, chac’d the Nancy, Captain
Terry, of Whitchaven, off the Lands. End, {fo clofe
thac che Captain and Crew were oblig’d co quig
and ger to Shore.

By Letters from the Welt-Indies, we hear,
that a Sloop belonging to Nevis, Thomas Scroghan
Commander, being fumetime ago at Corocoa, the
Crew rofe upon rhe Mate jwhile the Captain was
afhore, cut her Cables and run a Pyrating ; and
had raken two or three Veflels when thefe Letrers
came away. We have the good News from
thence of the Diamond Man of War, her raking
the notorious Spanifh Pyrate in the Bay of Hon-
duras, Mhat did fo much: Damage laft Summer on
the Coaft of Virginia, in making Prize of feveral
Englifh Veffels. She is carried into Jamaica.

On the 7th of May laft, a notable Tryal came on
before the Lord Chief Baron Eyre, in Lis Majefty's Court
of Exchegucr, ont the Accctint of Horns, pretented to be
curaught, on which a Cuftom-Houfe Offiier was Pro-

fecutor, as well for bis Mijefly as bimfelf, aud the

Royal African Company of Enalard, Defendart: The
Company of Hernevs prev'd th: Goods wnawvonett, acd
the Cx ftom-Honfe Officer prov'd 4 legal Seizure, fe that
 bya Verditl the fame was forfeited, and alfo double the .
Value, by Virtue of an Att of Parliament of Edward
the IPth; and James the Ift.

South-Sea Stock is 122, one qr. India 164,
one qr. Bank, 133; 3 8ths. African 10.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

Ropp'd between the 26th and 3rft of May lait, a Small
round Shagreen Cafe, wherein was the half of a 275.
broad Piece of Que-n Eljzateth, a Jacobus 25s. a Scctch Ca-
rolus 25S. @ Carovus 235. Wiever bath taken them up, and
fhall bring them to Mr. Wiliams, Le ther-Guilder, Sc.
Paul's Chuich-Yard, thall have a Guines iwseward, of any
reifonuble Satisfaction. | .
This Day is ptth.ilhed, beaut uly printed on a fuperfine
p-

apt,
* * The SACRED CLASH C> defeaded and illuftrated :
Or, An Effay humbly offer’d towards proving t.c Purity,
Propriety, and truc Kloquence of the Writers of the NEW
TESTAMEN ‘. In two Parts. inthe hrft of witch thor
divine Writers are vindicated againft the Charge of barba-
rous Language, falic ureck, and Sol.c¢ fis. In tae {cont ts
fhewn, that all the Excellencies of STYLE, and fublime
Beauties of Language and genuine Floqnence do abound in
the facred Wriiers of the Sew Teftament. With an Ac-
count of their ¢t;le and Character, and a Keprefencation of
their Superiority, in fevesal | nftances to the beft Claflicks of
Greece and fiome. By A. BUACA WALL, M.A. Printed
for C. Kivington at the bible and Crown in St. Paul’s Churen-
Yard, and W. Cantrell, Bookfelier in Lierby.
Alfo this Day is publiihed, the third Edition of

Mr. BLACK WALLS Introduction to the Ciafli¢:s 5; con-
taining a mort Life wife on ther Lxcellencies ; and Directi-
on; how to itudy them to Advantag:; w.th an Eilay on the
Nature and Ufe o” thofe emphatical and beautiful Figures
which give Strength and Ornament to Writing.

C bert Reard, who was born at Cropthoin in Wercefter
fhire, lattly feceled at Hongry Grattonin Warwickinire,
is defired to take Notice, that his Siiter in-Law is dead,
whereby he is entituicd to an Eftate, an Account whercot
he may have of Jolépn Leonard Wheelwright, of Netherton,

reefterthirc. a
We This Day is oublit:ed,

** Every Bodics Butinets is nu Bodies Bufiness 5 or pri-
vate Abufes publick Grievances, excmpiiied in th: Price, in-
fo'ence, and exeibitant Wages of our Wome: Servants, Foots
men, &c. with a Propofal tor Amend ent of the {ame 3 a-
alfo for clearing the Streets of thofe Veruin called Shoc
Cleaners, and furftiveting, in their Stead, many ‘Thoufaucs

of indufirions Poor, now ready to ftarve, By And. Moretoa,|¢

Ea. fold by T. Warnerat the Blace-Boy in Pater-Noite:
Row, A. Dodd without Tempic-Bar, anid E. Nut at tae
Royal-Exchange. Price 6". | oo
“() be Lett, at Maidenhead in Berks, 22 Miles from Lona-
don 4 Mi.es from Windfor, in the Road to Bath, a good
brick Houfe, three Stories high, wainfoited to Stories,
two Roomson a Flocr; with urcied Vaults, Stone Kitcnen,
Wafh-Houfe, Garden, and Stabies or three Horfes. Enquire
at Mr. Thomas Gverfhott’s, a Farrier in Maidenhead, o: at
the Vicarage Houf: in St. Margaret's Church-Yard in Weilt-
Infter } .
. MR epp'd on Monday Night the 24th of May laf, between
the Spread Kagle in the St:and, and the End of Ruitet-
Court in Drury-Lane, a Bundle tied in a Napkin, in ita
black velvet Sear, a black luteftring Hood, a black fan, «
white filk Apron, anit other Things: Whoever will bring
them to the Hlac« Srread Eagle, near Somerfet-Houfe, mal:
receive, at the Bay, a Guinca Reward, cnd no Queftion:
wT the South-Weft End of Union-Strect in Deptford, in
the County of Kenr, isto be Lett or Sold, a handfome
brick'd Houfe, three or tour Keoms on a Floor, with a very
ood Garden wall’d in, and plantcd with very good Fruit-
rees, Coffer-Houfe and Stable adjoining to it. Enquire at
the Swan Coffee-Houft in the fame Street

Tolen or ftray’d, May the 2sth, from Richard-Bufhnell, of

Teddington, in Middletex, ncar Hampton-Courr, a bright
bay Mare, about 15 Hands high, 8 Years old, with feveral
Saddie Spots, one white Foot bend, anda tittle Goa' ruenpt;
and a black Gelding about 14 Hands high, 6 Years ot, ha-
ving wll his Paces, a Intl: Star in bist orencad, and a Wart
on his Ear, cut Tail, ani athick Punch; and a blac’: Cart
Mare, full Age, abot t4 Hands and a half high, a brown
Nofe, and a little lop-car'd: Whoever can give Notice of
them, fo as they may be had again, fhall receive three Gut-
neas Reward, or one Guinea for either of them.

Tobe Lett, |
Good commodions Houft, with Gard:ns, well planted
with Fruit, iy Chusch-Lans, in Chelfea, having the |
Image of’ Pallas overthe Door. Enquire at the Houfe, or of
Capt. Sergeant, next Loor but one above it.

] Hereasin mife’s weekly journal, on Saturday the 20th ot
W February 1725, «3 alfo in other papers ct the fame date,
and fince, isadvertisd a powder lately imported, which in
every refpect fully entwers the ut cf Coffee, and there veing
a lerger demand than was expected, feveral perfons went
without ;- care will be taken for the future to prevent the
like, a large parce: being jutt arrived excecting fine and good,
which may be tafted at the brft honfe on tre lets hand in fell
S wage Yaydon Ludgite Hill upone puro Secirs, where any
Onantity may be had at zs. 6d. per pound. is. B. No lets
tien one powidis fold ic will anfver without minature o-
cofec, and hath been much approved on fince the Advertile-
ment.

This Dey is publlfir'd,

**© The Life of Jotiathan Wild, daeim lay risth to ls
Death; containing his Rife and Progre’s ia Puguery, ?ss
firt Acquaintaice with Thieves, by what Arts le made kim-
fclf their Head or Governor, his Lifeipine over tiem, bis
Policy and great Cunning in governing tein, tne feveral
Clafies of Tineves under bis Command, in which all his {n-
trigues, Ptots and A tifices are accounted ter and laid open,
intern.1s"4 with feveral diverting Stories. By H. D. late Clerk
to Juttic: R---. Printei-o T. Warnerat the black-Boy in Pa-
ter-noftel-row. Price one Shilling.

Juft publimned,

1" A true, authentick and impartial Hiftory of the Life
and gio‘ious Acrions of the CaAK of MUSCOVY: From
has brtiito hisdeath. Containing, [. an ex ict account 0 ‘his
titic, defcent, family ond iftue. HT. His detection oF tie
feveral plots formed againtt him, and his punishment of the
contpirators. TIT. His Wars with the turks, fwedes and po-
Janters ; and inis fiecefsful and unparatieled conguefts over
thele prople. IV. His travels into Euroa e, &c, for the im-

tovement of arts, {eiences, military difcip:ine and naval af-

‘dirs, more particularly te germany, holland, and the courts

of Engtandand France, V. His remarkable fpcech at his

return home. Vi His procecdings agiinft the Czarewitz his

fon, hisnomination o” a fuceetior. his ficknefs, death on f

interment. The whole compiled from the -.witan, High

Dutch and French Janguages, ferte papers, and other puulick

authorities. Vrinted for A Bettefworthin Pater Ncfter Bow,

G. Strahan; W. Mealows, in Cornhill; J. Stagg in Wett-

minfter ball; i Graves in Sr. James’s Street; S$. Chap-

man in pall-nall, ©. Frankling_in Coveat_Gard2n; J.

Harting in St. mertin’s lane , ‘T. Edlinin the Strand, and j.

Jackfon near St. James's Houfe, price ss.

Juft publifivd, and ready to be d.liver’d to the Subferibe ‘s, by
the Under.aker, T. bdlin, at tac Prince’s Arms, over 2-
gainft Exeter-Exchange in uh: Serand ;

*." The Rev. Mr. SCR YVE’s ANNALS of the RE-
FORMATION, in2 o's. Folic. Being a Continuation of
Buhop Bureet’s Hiftory, traught dwn to the 23d Year ef
the Reign of Qneen Fuzsieh With bug: Anrendixes cf
many valuable oiigin.] Papcrs. This Bonk is approved by
the meft ‘everend bench of Bifthovs, and d-divtted co his
Majefty, by whom the Avthor was moft gravioufly reezivedt.
Sold by 'T. Elin, as above, Mefl? Innys at the Welt-Fniof
“t. Paul's, A. Bettefworth in Pater csaiter- dow, aid Gc. Sera-
han in Co:nhill. Prince 21. 1605. 11 Sheets. A fmalt Nun-
ber are printed on large Pacer, ‘or the Cul us, Price tour
Guiness, Where may be had tue Revchuitiets ia Spain, in
five Vols. “étavo. .

2yte Lett or Sold in Epping in Fftex, in a very gocd
Market Town, titteen AMiics diftane tram London, a
very convenient Honfe, pleifantly fituacet, neely 1¢ ar'd,

ad

our aams on a Floor, with 2 "rewhoufe, Barn, Stzble,
ant other Conveniences, with Cichard and Gurien. Enquire
of Mir. George Binling in Epping.

Jule puolihed, ;

* * An Enquiry whether agen:ral Prictic? of Vircus tends
ro the Wealth or Poverty, Benett or Difadvantage or a Peo-
pies in which the Pleas ofer'd by the Author of tne Fable
the Kees, or private Vices pnb‘ick Beneh:s, for the Ufetulnes
of Vice end <oguery, ae confider'd ; with fome Thonghts
concerning a To.eration of pudlick Stews, Printed. tor &.
Aitkin at the King’s-Head in St. Paris Chureh- Yard

HF, ROYAL CO’. DIAL TINCTURE, whofe Excei-

lencics have been formeriy mentioned in this Paner, it
‘cing the moft fovercign Metcine, and effectual Cure ‘or
“he Cholicx, healing the Lo-vels, creating Appetite, and re-
troring Health; as likewife rreveniing the Gout from en.ring
into the Head or Stomach. Sold only ac Mr. V. Grimiteads
at the Black Swan, in St, Paul's Church-Yard; Mrs. Cooper's
Toython, the Corner of Charles-Streer in the Strand, and
by tie Maker, at the Green La:nnin Swallow-Street, Picka-
dilly, ac 3s. 6d. cach Rottle. Where may be likewife had
the true Holt Water, fcr feorbutick Humours,
FoLectuariun Mirabile: Or, the Admirable Flectuarys
o4 which infallibly cures all Degrees and Symptoms of the
Seeret Diftafe, with more Fafe, Speed and Satety, than any
Medicine yet publi; any oid Running, &c. though of fe-
veral Years ftanding, whether occafion’d by an over-ftrain,
Veaknefs of the Semninats, or the Kelicts of a former [nfecti
‘ny is certainly end in a fhort Time, without a Minute’s
Confinement, Sufficion, ar che Ue of Aftringents , being a
Medicine fo wonderfully nieafant and eafy in its Operation,
that the niceft Palace, or weakeft Conftitution, may take it
with Delight: Two Pots are gensraliy finfhcient to compleat
a Cure in moft Cafes. To be had only of the Author Dr. Cam,
a Graduate Phytician, who has publithed it 20 Years, and is
conftantly to be advis‘d with at his Houfe at the Golden fall
and Lamp, in Bow Church-Yareé in Ciwaofide, at half a Guiaca

the Pot. a
HEN Y COX, living next Dour to the

fs-@ Sign of the Fatcon, againft the Vine:

Tavern in Holborn, having: by 2 grear

Cold, wich fell into iuny Eyes, left my
Sight, infomtich that T did never expect Ff fheuid ever b>
brought to fee again, but happily was advifed to make Ufe
of Myrs.Cater, who, not only at firft Sight, to my na fina!’
Comfort, told me f was curatde, and aifodid, under God, per-
‘orm the fame in as shorta’Time ascoutld te expected; and
this L do for no other Intent but for the Good and Benrfic of
thofe who may meet with the like Affilétion : The faid Mrs. Ca-
ter fill Jives in Caftle-Gomc, Bichin-Lane, ar the Sign of the
Hand and Eye.

Note, She cures withont any Infftrnmenc 3 and fhe infallibly
cures the Ague, without the tealt Grain of Corres, or that
they call the Jcfuirs Bark. Price five Cbitliegs the Wial. Ivo

ULetters received except Polt nade.

( PULAPTON ASTHMA TIOUIM, oF the #Rienatick Te.

iep, Wich by ASOWH Dy tranny Tears Lapere bes to tea nce

wer Piling Atedieine in ol! ooftinace Arnnas, whote fic fo-

eating Fit it putsoit in a Moment, it gives a perfect Reliet

In flyaining: jabericus Gauge, that ate unmerchully trorble-

fon Nichoacd Sloriag 5 "lisa mitt esecilent emedy for

Shortness of Breath une any Metion, and ia Breathing with

Diliculty, Stratwhtress ot tue Breaft. with Heareners and

Weoeginyg. Nothing sxeceds tap adimraib: Jreo, for by epen-

fag the Brouctual Decrs and Penumonicr Paftages; it usne-

tlatesia the ima Reece or th: Lucgs, and there meeting
with tous. thick, col! clanuny, fimy Videgm, fy ALLEMUALCS,

divi! <, mavesgud wors in, thar by ¢ vehing andfuiejng, ic

esp iccorate: and Umows tosahy fue Marter with the greareft

Bafsand blovtere, te rchs ceaatng andi trecing the Breaft

and flungs, when ftudetup and ceased with ahcavy Load, and

fo prevents Confirnetio 8, U.cers ur the Lungs, &e, Note,

Ic isa fae ond piestant Me ficine ; to be taken by Sononhils,

aceer’-gtoche orinted Lirestions, with ut the leaft Contine-

men’, or Dangeror catcuing Cot, To benadat Mr. George

Strahun's at the Goldea-fall over-agiingt the R oyal-Exchange,

Cornhill, andar no other Place. Price as. 64

Tote Let at Mi‘firmmer nese
Te mannor houfe, called Tuttham ‘hal, inthe parith
oY Weft tarley in the cavney of Kent (within four mile
of Maidfton, and ten of Ti nbrdge wells) containing ten of
tweive rcoms on a floor, ierty furnithed, with three ‘acres
of g raening, all plante with the beft and cheicete fruits;
molz of thc gaidening being waned in, and planted vith

C2utirul groens nOw ih persection, tigether with convenience

State and Cocch-houg Yoaom, with a Barn tor Hay and all

other Convenience, andfit.eener twenty Ages of very good

paftins and meatow ground sbeut the boule, and 2 preter
uantity fir require!) as alfa the royalty af the meaver,
and neay three miles conimoand of the fithing on the river

Metsay, iying beore the faid feat, there being fevtral Ath

non's well fried with Arh, and no houf tn” the count

better fepahed with exelent water. Finquire of the revd.

Mr.Nortiiat weft teley atorcfaid, or Mr. Mat. Cocker at

rhe Golde: Palin Dean Street in Fetter Lane, and you may

KNOW itn r.

W. Rayner, Surgeon, living at the Hue Pofs in Pref on’s
Yard, the lower end of che minories, (1c name Rayner and
goiten Ball hanging over the Gate, near Little Tower Hilk.

Har afpeedy and fae erre forthe pox or Gap, with all

its Various fymptons, by his tamors chymical drink,
deiig Die ant in tafte, yer ee ciualin curing that dangerous
difeale. which nas been the rufn of himdreds by falling inte
unstillu! binds. J cme (under God) rhe moft invete ate nox,

IN Chee weers at arrhefe, as uleersin the throat, loft palate,

{inking oc cig nofe, ohymo's, pirarnymos, fhanke:s. packy

warts, bubocts, 0: {welling in aay oie. If your hoy be ‘ull

ofuicers ana trabs, in afew Davsf:enove all thefe hetero-
genous varticles. taking awry 2!l na.ne in the head, fhou'ders,
dndibin bores, fo chat chis Cilubrions Ucuor reftores the badly
topeice cheith They that have made tryal of it wonder
at theeuresit performs. Thofe who hive newly got a clan,
may entirely denenden acnre by tating twoofthres defes +f
my venereal mills or boiuffes, withers Aindrance of bnfinef>

or it being known co the nerrefe relition or bedtelow. I that

not we many invitations, but rathe leave you ts make ex-
perieare, which is beyond alicrgument. Inaword, let your
condition be never fo dad, diftruft not, for T promifte very

“ir, nocure no money. [do any thing in Surgery. my pills

and balufies -re ufeiul fer fea or Jand, which f have always

ready by me. Note, there's a lightat my door in anevening.
Agiinft the VENEREAL DISEASF. a
HK tamous Itatian BOLUS, has fo grrat SuecefS in
the Cure of the Wénereal Dileafe, that not one of the
great Numbers thee daily cake ir mifS ofa per ect Cure; and
tho’ fo very cheap as 2s. 6d. cach, vet four Boliffes never

tail toe reoteut and carry off the moft malignant, virulent, °

andobftinate kind of the venerial Pifeate, without Confine-

ment, or making your Café known to any; which, ific fails
todo, the Money is retuned. This gree Mesicine likowife
deftroys Mercury, and carries it out of the Body, and thereby
relieves thofe unrortuuzte Perfons who have fallen into had

Harals in former Cures. J¢ to bo hat only at the Fiaming

Sword the Corner of Ruffel-Srreet, over-agalnft Will's Cofiee-

Houfs, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Place is Coun-

terfer. .

INCTURA NERVOSA. CARDIACA, or the Cordial
Tincture for che Nerves, boing an approved, experienced
and never-failing Medicamant in finsing, languifhiag, and
lowne® of Spirits, Palpitation, or Tiewling oi the Heart, in
all paralitick, foporofe and couvwie Oltempers, and in all
Affliciions of the Hezd aad Nerves. tingly, orevents the
bad Ffteets of Coffee and Tea cn the Nerves, which occafions
in moft Peonle che whove meatione? Difvaiers (with many
more, which you'll fee ar large in the mrinted Paik of Directis
os} but yer by raking a tew Vrorsot ths moit pleafant deti-
cate Cordial, in the att Dith ov Coffee or Tea, you may then
drink at Liberty ; for chis eioat Medicine penetrates through
the wiele nerveus Syfem, and % reeriits tie Rrain and Pre-
cordin “ith a full Indux ef exuiting Snirts, which perform the

Rufines of vital Funttion wich Geih Alacrity, and new Brisk

nefs; tothat the Pulfe,- whith lay fecbie ari wavering, ne

ralls a beating vigarovfiy, and with great Evatine’s ; more-
aver, it wonderfully dimeorfes Fear, Sainets, cortifed Thorghts,

Teatchings of the Lessan? Acrs, difturbed Sicep, a7 all the

difnal Train of Varenrsand Melancholy. Te likewile ftopg

Vomiting, puts cf NanuGouseG, mrveeurcsa gard spnetite,

andis now in avenc Réeom amor Guality at the fit Rank,

Sold only ar G Strshan's, Rookelef, atthe Go'den Palin

Condit, aver sgcantt tla ZoyslEwchange. afd arno of

alu at

a
 Dr. Js. GRAHAM To be Latt,

Hyon the Univertey of i yden in Hotiand, atthe Golden Head All Whotitone, eight Mites from London, a gaps Hots,
and Green Pullfladoe, Patcr-soiter-mow, ¢ Spittletietds; | A fituuce near the dreen Man, with two Kaun ona Klvar,
Londen . | Gurrets, a Garden, and other Convenienecs, Enculie of Als.

A Keguidy, graduate, and tearned Phyfielan, of long and {i erandel Nuttut, Watpeaterin Whutitone, or Mrs, ferry,

reat Experience, gain‘d by his long Pradtica and Tra-} Diftiller, next the Crofs Keys Inn St. Joun's-Strect, nour
Hicks's-Hall, and know furcher, -

; The Day fs publit'd,

*," Tac Church of E gland Mans Refolutiony fhewing’
bis Avafons tor not being a DISSEN TEA, meconmende
Co the Conmiieration of every trad Son of the Chueh ¢ and
neeeffary to be read if Charity Sehool:, in onda ta thy Coit»
firming oF Youth inthe Principles, aid tyeniih rig uhicris with
fome plait Reafens for their being Members ot the Church | vels into foreign Conntiles 5 and who, by ftudying at several
of England. ‘To whien is added, a Prayer to hey Peefurvation | of the molt fie wis ,Oniveriities in Lirope, and elng. tlie W HERE AS nobwithftanding the Lawa made for the
and Profperity, Price ad. Printed fur J, Wilford in Livtle- [ Pradtles of different Nations, haa uttaned-to the molt won- Prefervation af the Game of this kingdom, divers Ma-
Britain. Where may be bad derfiul Bverets in Nature tor curing. Lilestes ineldent to hu: lefactors have of late caricd on the Praétict of te ling Gare

The Cafe of the Chureh of sngland truly reprefented, and | man Bodleay and fs particularly yell skitl’d in Matemid-) Poultry and thelr keys recci ved, or corievale he ave when
fully vindicated. Hy the lute MKeveread Mr Joshua dares, iter and all Duferders, Weaknefics, de, in Women, whe: | ftelen,  ‘Thete are to give Notices, thut fich Malefattors will
Proteffor of the Greek Language in the Univertity of Cam: | ther Wives, Widows of Makls, and cin cell, at Sight, any | be profteuted for flies thelr Felonies an fderneancure
bridge. Price rs. Pivfor's Dumper, and whecher it be enable ot dot y and! wich the uemolt Severity, without ay Expenee to the Party

. . why (ty the Blating of Alnygity God) has etied Numbers! robbed, on Notice, by the Polt wild, unto Mr. Keginald
Speeitiek Drops for DEAFNES. of Peorte who hve languthet many Years unler Diteatis, Heber In Bull-Yard, near ‘TempidsBar, London: And tha
W Hich entire.y cure that Mis orttine, fu a8 not £0 Tele Pew eh save by fuveral eminent Phyficians, been pronoune'd! whoever difeovers any Osbrider nthe B emits it ‘h yi 4
again, after al other Means have been wed without freeride who have defit'd this to publith'd forthe Benes] Mr, Heber, fo ce tier Odender be convieted pt ne sf ad
Suecefyy as ail Thie.nefs of Hearing, Pain and Nolfe in the fae n oehery, And tho'a Report has been falfly fpread abroads! faid Offences he ot ihe thatt in ten Days after Nich Ce wie ’
Ears, &e. "The won ert! Hduseso. the laetable VROPS ore Petrie De. Grahan In Spittichel fs way dent, theld aie to ecr-| on, receive the ‘eward o five Pounds of the aid My Holey
truly furprizing, for they Kemedy all Defe.ly of the hearing | ety, that the Dustor (Thanks ly to God)" Is alive, atid fii! and thull be further ¢neouraged according to his or thelr an
Faculty, tho’ of many Years ftandin jy alimoft in att In tents | eqieinues to give Advice in all Ulftemm-ts at his LLoute,- 19 ganiee da detesting tlich Oflenlers to" . "
caning thofe to hear exce-ding quik and well, who he 'ore formerly every Day (Sundays excupte’l fron Ten in the } fF ' ; ,
Were in & manner totally deat Hundreds who were fo very | Atarning e> Three in the Attersao, waete he may be alyle aa I BS. ay uth dy Ene ath Fillelon of
bad, as not ubl: to hear a Dram whvn beut elofe by them, wad | ro witli i Dueck, Engi, Italian, or reich. Notes ‘te jredey | AoA EA upon feverul Moral Subjects, Tn Phos
therevore d faair'd of being everrshevidy have been quicaly | cures Runtures ia Men, Women, or Children, vithouta Truf, etal Henn 1c tai lel Ing, General Kindacts, the Woak-
Ond pertiestly cured by them, to thelr great Joy aid Admit. Note alfo, Perthns who lve in the Count y may, by Pat nigh rs ty aie Mt ‘ us) (On itt 10k; ths Value af Litt, the
tion. They alfocffe stu lly remove all Pam ogcafion’d by Cold, enely Cate'in Writlng (Polkige pald) lave Advice and prover Thanght Hoe eat Je¥ey  Felendfhip, Populuritys a
Canfore and ftrengthen the’"Tympanuin, or Drum of the Baty] Remedies, with Directions, tocurs any Dittane rn | Lieto tr, oF ae tertainment Of Hooks, Envy, ogaint
ice the an ifrory Nerves, froma , bit uttlon, and rectify a Dit 1. Miftake not the Houte } there isa Golden Headover Pain, Weverae, coud, Liberty. Ole Age , and pve
O Nepae PY be S 4 t 1 ’ ] ’ F ' ‘ ; 44 9 ? ] ; '.
ene would fearce Tie i" voit Mee i bpace hs Largett Rene. the Door, He gives Advice to the Poor, gratls. | Wh hove ‘ny Drinkenaeti, Gaming, Solitude, 'Difeonrene.
rienee evines che Truth of it. In’a Word, nothing in Nu. WRIGH T's Dinretiek, or cleanfing Tin*hurs, | yo riay Golllery A. M. :
ture ean cone near thm tor the estan ant alin vt Lnnmnedd. | Hich trinally diftharges all the feces oF putrlt reileks at Tuthoi and tafy Method with the Delftsy wherein the
les Concommitants, the wretched Train of that rominlieated Po! On far ules, whieh are incompatible to any | nupes-
Diftemper, ava mucous, filthy, fanious Motterluig' {inthe Mite that ever yer hae bees, or can polfthly te. ‘To whieh is
Reins, or thermatick Parts, which clther eautt a tharpnetsin “led, a freoad Part to the Jews,
the Wine, or ton (requently provokes it. ‘Thin Relick iq . ffl DB SIDER TOSS or, the Original Pligriniss fhewing
difeover ibl?, partly by the: tubtequent Symptens, viz. by a Phe nok compen linus Way to arrive at the Love of God, hy
Debility or Weaknen of the Back, a feck! nausous, and be iwrence towel, A, M.
avertiag Smell a the Urine, with a purulent | atter, or . i Lthtee printed for G, Strahan at the Gotden Ball over:
feriilent Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or dying in it, vith aaalnit the Royal Bvehangs in Cornhill
Variety of Figures, Farther, this Tincture efperially caries Jut publithed new Fd'tions of the following Rooks,
oF afl Kelleks of the Venereal Difeafe, after ill managed “yy ep Ap AY Account of the PLACE where: tie
Cures, noe only elvan Ing the Urinary Paffiges of all Sind, | ee gli {) Nightingale, Swallow, Cuckow, bic
i iy" fare, Woodcock, and other Birds of batts

évers but the great Efteem und Renutation they have juftly
Bad for many Years pat, have vecafion’d fas uftal In flich
Cafts) many Counterfoits to come ubroad, bewae therefore
of fuch Impofitions, thefe exesllene and only true Specifier
Drops bring to be hadonly, by the Authors Appointment
of the Gentlewoman at the Two Blue Pots in F uydon-Yar
in the Minories, ut 38. 6d. a Buttle, woth Uirections, and
No where clfe.in Ergland
A A‘ the HUNGARY WATER WARK,
HOUSE, at the Biack Boy and Gomb,
a Comb- Makers, the Corner af fiell-Suvage-
(Inn on Ludgate-HI', ts fold righe French
Hungary Water, being the fine Sere fold
feveral Years patt, and isseafy diftingulfied
Se ae | from the ‘pernictous catritertele Sort fold a-
} ese bout the Town, pretended to be imported
om Montpeller, &c,  Cikewife the following foreign Com-
Moditied are fold at the fame Place, viz. -
F ohiphe French Hungary Water; ot 1s. 3d, the Half-Pine

Fine Florence Oi!, at 2s. per Flask.
Right frith Ufo paugh, at as. the Halfpine Rattle,
Fite Oringe-Flower Watcr, at as 6d. ‘por Finsk.
AM Sorts o” Legi'riand Sermuda Hatts for Ladies.
N. B. There is a Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Fias, to
prevent Counterfelts. '
&

To Smell to, &e.

HE mrft Noble Volatile Smelling Bottle in the World

L which finelled to, momentarily fetches the moft difina
fainting or fwooning Fits, and ina Moment renoves Fluh-
ings, Vavotrs, Dulnef, Head-ash, Megrins, &r. Te takes
oft ail heavy Sleep. nefs, rvetads Swooning, keeps op the
Spiritk to a Miracle, and by ite Ufe admits of no fainting

Po al

id=

Grivel, Films, or menibrancous Peffleles, &e. but after a c

ngalar Fihe cy invigorating the eins, reltoring them, and’ A Go and Refide, when Abfint from us. at
bli their genita Party to chrir original Tone and Eire, though a At
the Mistortine and Beeay be of the longeft Date, with an a

qual Surevfsin each ex. Tobe hal for res. por Bottle, with

I Srections for its Ue, only athis Honfe, the Golden Mead

and two Lumps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate HI, | ET, ae

! , vow | Thett Boks are all GIVEN GRATIS UpOnePale of Stairs

The PROLIFICY ELUXIR, at the Cy vbrited Anodyne NECA LACE, Recommended by

A Medicine of’ ineftimable Worth for the Cure of BAR- Dr. Chamberien for Children’s Teeeh without Temple: Bar. At

RENAESS in Women, and IMBECILEPY In Men. Mr. Jeremiah Pain's foyihop In Pope's Hea-Ally in Qarn-

d He uver-agalift the Royal-fxchanpgs, And by R. Brad-

Curleus Preatit) Asfo the GOUT, the
i} Wearnefk, and Seeret Patient's DIATE.
Heing cach a Practical Journal trom Day te
Ms: Day whit a Perfon has the Secret Dituats,

or.1 GLEE r the GOUT, upon then,

an | ent Wy pra ped the cresrtl Cuuric g af thi! “ft and bea, gi i i R
of CICES Tesh 3 the Bui ‘s trom their languid deprefied Stace, ihaw (the Author's Servant) againfe Sutton-Street Und b
to one more dorid and fparkting, opening all Obftrustions Oho (lie "Aud ore a8 Sameer
fur ching the Nerves, criereating the animal Spirits, reting “phe NIVERSAL FAMILY MEDICINE

@ fuiventis: Bloom, and evidently replenttiing the erk y Fibres o be taken any Seafon of tte Year. ft salts

of the whole Hable w.th a generous War neh and bilmy Moi-, Ceytaln and infullihle Cure for the SCURVY, of the
ture, and thereby Invige racing d€ to flich a Degtce us not to . longeft ftandlag, and the moft aggravated Ciretintanes,
be {agin dy, tue by biol who have experiene’d how exered- ty a Comdial Eiivir, {0 pecuilurly adipted to thee Difeae ia
foc ethens lithe ane ik Mona recrults, and poweriully all its Forms of appearing, trom the djghtert itching Humour
5; , gt ian a t c animal Pacultics, and generitive Powers ty the Blow, to ita utnialt or fate {fore of hunian Nature ;
1 both Sexes, Tt enforces a bright lively Dipefitien, banithes re nar a ragged ourgetive that diffurbs the Patient iu ta-
tle anelialy, ard Infpltes Mirth end Gladnefs of Heart, beyond kng jt, but ttre Speeltich Cordia', that pertetdy enres
but invigorates and enlivens the whole Many recreates, aid | OXPrci nt Abtindanee of Ladies, who tor feveral Yeats that Dikemper by gence Evacnution, by Steal and Urine
makes chearftd, achough never fo fad, ant in a Moment were deemedincurably barven, have guicsly, after taking It, and fy verily reeties the Blood and juices that tera
raifes all the fen“tive Facu'tics : It is allo to te taken ine | oneUver, and teeome fistittint y and great Numbers of Gen’ shu'ous Cafe ure lth fyeedily emed by {Er and all Spots,
wardly by Crops, whieh effectually tukes off and cratic sts tle ven, who, by fat Living, or otherwife, had render’ them- Blotehes Pimples, &e. on the Skin, are quickly and entire:
the ery Canute; for it potently relieves, coniforts and | elves Incapable of Pr crevtion, have foon teen enable! by ly taken off, It isa Cordial in the Stomach, removes all Pain
Miengthens the Prain, creates ‘and corre borates a Stomach it iy Haha tis A thelr & , cles 5 infomuch, that sery many {f. irom It hetns Digetkioa and 1, particulary adapted to all
removes Sickness from it, ke'ps Digekion, ¢ caniesthe Aland, lifttiouy Families, who, tor want of Children, were almott In Conticuelons Pat it fy the mo general Family Medicine
and ina Word, is the greater Cephalick Stomatick, He: | Solable, are now blek with happy Mflue, and are (under that ever was known, to be tuken Spring and Fall, to pres
petick, and powerfil Aromatick politic, thevethre ‘is ex- | PFovidence) indebted to this great Medicine forthelr Heirs. @rve Health. It hinders no Mufinets oy Keereation {a taking
tream neceMfary forall Gentlemen, Ladies, &e. always tn It rectities ali Dili rdeys ofthe Stomach, creates an Appetite, le. Yede fold at che Golden Ball, on Poiddle-Dock TAU! near
ham’s Toylhop, at the Seven Stas unter St. Dunttan’s | Decay of Gontiutrs of any Kind, isa soft admirabite he. fs given by Wholefa'e to Country Shopkecpers, &e, (one ina
Chures, Fieee treet, and at Mr. King’s Picture Stop it the rey aiide:en fezins to Koup bak the E ms Of of Ape tt City, or Fown) te fel] sain, rine pra Direéhions givea
Poultry, at 23. 6d. cach, tine Flavenr, ds pleatune to th Pattee, cordial to the Seon with it are arg and Aen rnin erive keep inany Years,

ately pullifh'd, the Fitth Edition eorrected, of . | , Pot: in 1 :

tothe mot ineeterate Lich, stubborn S*abbinets y and confit T the Dove and Golden Baill in Sslistury. Thine, it per'ectly cures the feveret Griplngs in the Gutsy,
Court, Flee? hrect, Mveth a Gentlewoman and ulf) immediately expels the Wind from the Aromae, or

med Lavnfy , plataly deferhing theirs Symptoms, Nature
Lep: dane nn rich other, ori ify Canine, and d final Confes that prepares the moft excellent Cofinetick or Bowels, (as it were) to a Miricle And for all wandering,
Pal Me: arcin fome Pérfone, the

quere stothe Patients, and their Peflenty, tf neglected or AcautlGers yet known, as that mom noble Pre. Palng in any Pure whatfoever,
mifanageds alfo the dangerous Hffeéts af Quiekilver Gir paration uf Pearl, witha particular beautily: forerunner ofa fix'd Rheumatitin, in others the Gout, rhe
divs, Ointenents, Washes, and other pernicious Mereurial sm Fini, beth whieh ufed by Ladies af the fameuws Medicine has not its Kellow, having Nroughe Won
Medicines, Difeavering the true and only certain Method of ft Quality, they, with Suntlze, take away dets in thee Cos an greae Numbers af People thacbeliee

cing thofe Dittempers with Ba'ety, Fate and Fxnedirion, i Redndis, Vinge. Roughnely, Worms, Mor- taking it, cotldiveesher “t, fiend, nor Ue at Fal, bur wen
2nd oitiont the Ule of daubing Olntinents, Bramftooe, oro. phew, . 1 Day, wi, in coking buc » or
SriatoBow, with other Defilements of the $

Feurt, Sutetiuin, Preeales, Wrinkles, Pies of the in_intollerable Pain Night and
ther cautions andillfme:ing Remedies, Gananenent of the ki ¢ nln, and
he syepan¢ abe tralan Cream tor the Wace, Neck, anil ny a
A f thaguin, As forany Belehings, or HMleeaps procee.ting
fes, and very remarkable Cures perfumes the Author, i
fitla Chines Red Liquor, none having the Beeree but her:

a Likewit: 4 Dofea, were ablosutely Hed fom thelr prelene
Putear, D.farde: af the Body, or Knowle ige of the neareit oi¢ Conthinsnee of the Coufe, recevured to porteet
Friend The whole Hiiutrated with dveral excraoe finary Cae Has, ve plampeand fmooths the Skin to Admirution s, Hea
A the baie White Pate, and Tower-Street Pots, with an Faft-| from Wind, or, in thot, in any Catt of Wind, ie may ke
Bee denendedon us tie bet, fet, moft expe litlous, and moft f-

Neceflary tobe read by all Perfons, but more efpeerally thot
marsh H (HA, orany other] felhs Pe gives a moft natural and lafling Sluth, that no Perfon serelan Remedy cver yer anowey it fe hater:
: Fure, and nog to be ‘subb‘d off the Gooll of Country Pesote that live remete from Pavielans,

Dik mt ary San B men " Printed bioli by J, pean nt ) whenos the
2 the Skin. .§. Printed, and felt by Po pean URb aah whenas 1
rite nea! , r b oath the red Grown Cakes, White-Pahe, or Cakes andthe poorer Sort in Trwny fetheretare 611 but for * "
Ca:

Keterts ness the Oxford-Arma, in Warwiek lane, A. Dold) Als tal

ar the Peucotk without ‘Teniple-Lar, Price futeh One (far the Foes, or Fards, antatl other Coficeieks tormerly fete Rottle, with Direations, at Mr Ward's ‘loydep, at the

Shilling. fest: by Mis Hockle. NB. Sho ha aenyiieal Liquor whieh cork next the Swan ‘Tavern ogainit the ieyal Mebange in
Alicas ted or grey Rladt tua light or dark Brown. | Cornhill. oom

wt

LONDON: Piivel bs N. AUST, in Great Carter- Lane.
 fald Mr. ;
accor ling to tis Or thelt Biit
vaaslth

A, FAision of
fa ate uit ee ete. In Tees
amy ao: teed In my Generis! Kindnct, the Weak:

. teat keaton Lueks the ip Po of Life, the

mf | +8 ne yee ate | Feyenh Miglin nt
: )

sevieks ie Gone 1 ety, core bi

ate a oka Ng fie an a Be

thy Je , ‘Werten Ak vn daring, nue

fy
tT fi nae Caton te Pinned ie hy ve

7 Tr —_
Hie scan katy

treat Lens ut cy Ns ak aty Incompatiive ti, any
mre. ates rg has itt Sao uf can puifitty te A. whlah
] a feat A
ola eene abet, baw: Mt! DID, the Oval al Pligrinte 5 thewi
rene Heng ant ealy thie the cut ron amlh te tourrive at he Lave of of God. iy
L rene: |

i en by Ue ae ye

ki : (68

Wed:
pf é 4a n ele, wth Win ‘ices wr
* Rhee ba eae ace fo " ‘
OCVLIGE, at te iat arid Car Ve fai AAR  Lrinary FF

Ninh Carrey *the as age : ret | me of aot pethie

4if, Is hit iy) heh } ui Tikal rating the
a Ng the! td alg ay alt heirgenical aie tha
fare y » and Ww gal ¥ 4 "Foe |

s the pertieiuus ¢ auitenten ek hi Heh quel week in nearh
a ew FT ir ree to te linpartet Ne inn » Rit i ‘wily ath
r,4e. kews flowing theeign Con: [ond two eae vant

ro)

qi Che 1) ii ‘fi t G, at the Godden 1 ov
the ly Beh ange I Orn. Rall ovey:

af publitied ne Val tions 0 follow!
Fe AN Acero he P it
AY ff \ ipeinaae, iow, tet nef Pu
uote Oth, ar athe Ay
Gu arid As tide a! patie Ab
Cririons ‘Preatife.)

of
Wearsat, Cent et bat se rN
fh cache Pra Practical Je

ey whl ft a Perfon of has tha beeret iad,
Thek: bo ks ave a GOUT, Arist Prerena ade

the G. ebrital And ne A oe \
; vainberlun for Chil eit
te Jeremiah Pain (ayt oF in ies

ale:

tories,

ie an aA

rater, at ‘ ‘. ad. the “enn

five ee OH" at at 9. pr Flask |
} ‘fers: : Reatle. ARN my the u,v ver -agpalt ift tthe Rayal- pape.
ight frit v a! ieee 34 the He pit ask tae b's fre mhaw e Auth r's Servant) agalnt: inhi t ‘eben

(Jiites, tal

Phe UY 1 KEAL FAMIL Pao

ralti a rele wie fort
A tea sd at suaree to rel eabtEs

Fiiet
Au gore e bags a Rien a  Aaelts ter f,

¢re boa Sigh-Paper on earl Bottio ani iis’, tel)
prevent Countcrfeite.

Le mrft Noble Veatite bineiling Bottle in the | Et Et = | sen

leh finelied LO, monentarsly ehed the mit yoand Ristenty ie rennvates reer ,
nt ng of worming phe a Ly Mong nt reniaves wT " al the ayia F itles, ; at g a ite For ot te fromt be tliuhtekt itcbing Hampout mou
pi a Neary se lec. wre, athe Rerningy heope on the Wy 8 tonflares ah emt by Dae or ion, bantihes Te's not a riy rpitive ety afi the ee if ta
Spite ta Miraele, und by ite Ue nar lte oF te t avniting vd tatu anee of feat ; | a or tM kis Avast “i an, b ie
pei anv ates and entlveria phe vane oad a ene | * aa "| Tegan nen micalye | my it, a ay rfhlly matines the lowd ‘and Jule jules, wh at i
Ha aii ten itive Fees ies are BO ie | cone I ary ART Anvil a at umber en sous Cafes are lf fpeedily enred by te: an a all’ Sprts,
gaifes all the fen ‘tive F Fe et off and cra! tle ven w rit ch ‘etches, bn the Skin, are quickly and nite
warily by y rot, whiel cual takes off and Pie ie tO relives ince Twi, hedre enable | "Yee Cori i che cmee ac pt
ie bene the re . eveaten on pv Y ee rutin a Be tah it kn : mush, that sery ma Heoon teh het , articul eal
scmeces Sicknets trom it, Ke ton, € can isthe Alun hus F ney. if Mo ’ a ae in. anit mei is he not oft Heer neral eae
their eis Kh. it hie no tint ie hy inet {3

| rs
and nn a Wor, iat a the feateh C ha m8 Stomnat ier 4

ran neeeifary fox Hf Centlemtrh Ladies ne a tt to ote d at the Go lacn Ball

, the Portle. ere
per atk bg White t Country & et hi , {one ire .
wi

thie Town) te i poe aga cans,
reat Carminative.
. A i Moft funn “opts re for the Wind haick what

ne i at orice caning » in ree Minuter
ures
ne ines tely expel

ple ley
» (avd wert bee wel

Ne ae Hos rions
rh hv maeifin, in others the cout,

he “a vi lumber ca ot se ple, as
mew, feurk, Sut ma ing gitant hy, fi fa Ho ae
4 mt mi xy pore ee abate a tha Cain oe n, ane
ee Fhe 6 th! ngein. mt for ro ae OF ee haa

am 4 bit a rt 4168 ‘
Church, Peet dcet, and at Mr. K 's Pleture Shop in the
Poultry, at 26. 6d. each, f tel, of
Litel ih4lth'd, the Fitth Edition cornec
Ad Li C <drhscndione Treatife of the Difvails the Skin, |
hot the ry tet itching Huma in per toute ot:
to the moft frvetcrate Dich, (ubbora abtined 4 ANA Colfirs F
med Lavefy » plataly de forthing thie
“dance on each other, origtual Cau on n nal L Contes
Qiene atothe Battents and their ban City, if negledted or
mifinanaged , alfo the dangerous Bffects of CQuickittver Gilt.
divs, Ointments, Wathes, and other pernic a creuria}
Medicines, Diftovering the ertie and only certal eflvd
curing thofe Diftem pers with Savcty, Fate and iss ety
ond wight the Ue of datihing Ointnents, Hrimftone, of o-
ther nations and iit finel!l emedis Comfinainent of the
ba Diforder of the or Knowlelge of thy neare
‘riend = The whole Hiuftraed with feveral lextranye linury (Ca-

an Golden Ball {
Mechiget ri ae .
rerio serine cipal nae 5
in ahs ek he ava eng ' :

d very remarhabie Cures perfecced by the Author, ed ton an
Nevefary t all Porton, baron efpeelly tht tia ye en & we: peclition ‘an me
' 1 and! uf be m vereign Ke Hal ver yet hi mat Tt Pal ntatt
i ee ian iy groubied with a pila, an Feat ran sr faut he aa ye the Cat 9 Cnt ve Seve remote fom ke
wieiehnear the Oxford Arm, Warvick eA Dei A he the Ce ee antalt Chae, ie a tet Ee ponrcs, Hole In To ants Tuyiiop, gt the Pete
shiling. without ‘Templerhes, Mess Hy ME aie by Mis’ Hoekle, NB. Bha bar ial ig which | ¢otk next the Swan ‘Tavern rgainttt the Moyal & devange is
alton ed ot grey Hair tua tight or dath | Corn

LONDON: Piivel by, NM. ALS oT, in Great Carter: Lane.
 mo <3-¥e',
ws
m ii

Pf er ob =) fa
tay at, - 4 eiets
S aie 24 it sts i Brae
5 aa ae aera Pee + : *-3 - *
eet es ead. :
¢ ore os A. :
woe . .
™ "
nn .
* *
. =.
. .
4
. Py Pi
. -
-
b|
.

eet oe |
SEN Grub-Street Author to be now. and

YA ing fomeching to the World, wit

MA and it would be an Hardfhip in-
tothem, if they were wholly depriv’d
of Means to.communicate their. no-Thoughts to
- Mankind. oo | -
But this is not the Cafe with them ;_ their Pre-
deceffors have been too provident to leave Mat-
tersin fuch a Condition, and therefore have in-
vented feveral Ways to give Vent to.the Fumes o

their diforder’d Brains ; but the three chief of

‘them, and which now are moft in Ufe, is by dy-
ing Speeches, penny Hiftories, and the Briti(p Ga-
Zetteer. ee .

- An Author of this Rank has lately appear’d in

the laft of théfe Methods, under the Name of

Morigerus, and has endeavour’d (alas, poor Man !

methinks I fee him ftraining for the Delivery of

fome abortive Pun !) to expofe a Society of Per-
fons much better than himfelf, who mecr once a
Week at a Coffee-Houfe near Moorfields, but has
‘bécn really expofing himfelfallthe while.

Dang give you a Tafte of fomé of the Beauties

which thine through his Compofition ; the City
": Stadt-Houfe and Madinan-College, feem to betwo

favourite Terms; for, I think, he is fo fond of

them, that he will exprefs his Thoughts in no
other Words, though, perhaps, more to the
_.. Purpofe. nn _ |
_. ‘hie puts me in mind of what is faid by fome
Authors, “* That the Caufé of Madnefs is a ‘not

' st being able to feparate.two or more Ideas wide-

é¢ ly differing in themfelyes, which always go to-
'%¢ gether in the Mind, or immediately follow one
“¢ another. *’ So

You will obferve (Mr. Mif,) that whenever he
happens to {peak of a certain;Gentleman, (for he
js a Lawyer by Profeffion, ‘to ufe his own Words)
‘immediately his Thoughts are turn’d upon the Bu-
» firiefs and 'Tubs of a Cooper : Now to account for

this, I know‘ no’ other Way, than by fuppofing

him (which is very probable) to have been a
Profeffor in that College he fo. much celebrates.

I believe, indeed, there is more or lefs of this
_ Affociation of Ideas in all Men ; Iam fure I am

~ndt wholly free; but whether I have it in fo

. great a Degree, or no, do you judge from this
one Inftance, that whenever Morigerus comes into
“Iny Mind, I can’t help thinking of a Barber's
‘ Block. ,

“Nhe Occafion of the two Speculations of that
famous Author was this ; a certain Perfon, whofe

‘Bufinefs it is ro delineate all the féveral Sorts of
*+ 'Priangles, “and other fuch like Figures, upon
-  $ail-Cloaths, and to diftinguifh a Globe of the

-World into ‘its feveral blue, yellow, and greén
Provinces, had the. Ambition, fome Time ago,
’ to be thought Some-body ; in order to which, he

ufes all poffible Means to acquire the-Name of

a Limrer, which laft (I and he knows with how
* wmwvich. Difficulty) he effe@ed.; but: this did. not

_.* dongfatisfy him, “ke -had ill higher. Views,. and.

now his Aims are at the Charafer and Reputa-

'. -tion‘of a Gentleman; in order to this, he. gets
~ - drunk, “beats the Watchmen, breaks Windows,}
‘ - yous in the Dirt, and performis all the A@ions of

_ a Bully in the laf Century. |

SATURDAY, JUNE

‘TY is no uncommon Thing for a

‘then troubled with an Itch of fay-
ih talking of feveral Things, tho’ he might not un-

out knowing what, or why, or how;

pacities, and this

. , *. ° . . - x on
re .*
. . “¥ yt
. . . tee

" & y Yea

53 17 25¢

/ At laft, with much ado, he was perfiwaded that

that was not the way to atrain the Charafter he.
aim’d at, bur that he muft frequent a civiliz'd

Company, and acquire, if poffible, a Knack of

derftand them.
In order to this, he enquires about for Perfons
of the beft Senfe and greateft Learning in the

Street where he liv’d, when hearing of this So-
{ciety, he muft needs joyn himfelfte them, to fee

if he could pick up a little fuperficial Knowledge
there, he was admitted, and now one would be
apt to cherifh fome Hopes of him, but alas! he
had got a Knack of talking fo faft, and fo filly,
that he was foon excluded.

Eternally nettled with this Excommunication,
he vows Revenge, and having communicated his
Thoughts to one of his Acquaintance, whom we

fhall call piftorivs, they. at laft conclude, that the
beft way would be to expofe the whole Society in
Print.

But here a new Difficulty arofe, they did not
know how it was to be done, for they plainly faw
thar it was a thing that fo far exceeded their Ca-

had put an effeftual Stop to that
Affair, if Pifforius had not bethought himfelf of

a delirious old Man, who had been employ’d for

many: Years in tranflating the Hiftory of Zack the
Fiper, Tom Thumb, and Toni Hickathrift into Englifh
Verfe, to him therefore they agreed to refer it,
and a full Pot of Ale did the Bufinefs. :
The next thing was, who muft print it, Péforixs
mention’d you, (Mr. af/) “ Ah!. no, hang
‘him (fays Morigerus): he is a furly, iI-natur’d

«Dog, I have fent him feveral Letters before, and
“© he never had the Manners to put them in his

¢ Journal, and I am'refolv’d he fhan’t have it in
‘ his Power to refufe the beft Thing Lever writ,
‘no, there is Mr. Read, my particular Friend,
© he fhall have it, and I am fure he will not be fo

$ ungrateful as to refufeit.” Ah! Mr. aif! when

Read prints what Morigerus writes, you and I
fhould lay by the Pen, and turn gentle Readers.
But there is nothing certain in human Affairs,
even our beft Friends may defeat us, and it is no
uncommon thing to fee the Bonds of Friendfhip
broke, fo it happen’d in this Cafe ; Mr. L—a——_y
would have all the Repuration of this ftupendous
Piece of Nonfenfe tu himfelf, his. Argument was,
becaufe he boughtthe Ale,- the Fumes of which
diftill’d down into Morigerus’s Pen, and therefore
that he was the fole Caufe of the Wit that ap-
pear'd init, Morigerus would not allow the Argu-
ment to be juft, this was the Occafion of an unfor-

tunate Squabble, wherein Morigerus’s infirm Body
was kick’d down Stairs, and forely bruis’d : Upon
this he refolves upon a Revenge and expofes the

L———r the fame way that he before had becn
faucy to his Betters. :

As foon as the firft of thefe Letters appear’d in
thofe dark Corners of the World where the
three Half-penny Journal is generally read, it fell

into the Hands of the aforefaid Club, fore of the
Members were a little vex’d at it, and could riot
help difcovering their Indignation, till Mr. Chair-'!
man pacify’d them, by telling them, that tho’ an

Afs makes as great 2 Noife asa Lion, yet he is

not alrogether fo formidable. .

Infine (Mr. wif !). 1 cannot but conclude,

upon the reading Morigerus’s Works, that this is a | fecured a conftderable Addition to the finking Fand Log
very conceited Age we live in, when every paul-ifubje& to the Igazard of future Events, :

a a en ne ee a ee oe ee ee oe a ea &
yo a te et Bel ge. . ie 5 . Gargre?
‘ ; . ran

‘being come thither accordingly,
pleated to give the Royal Affent to {everal pub-
+

, °°
Meee
Fe

& wr me
. fer ate ‘Yr .. oe + ‘s
- *. oo Pp, - ar
. 7 . * - ao =
N UMB.
‘

try Scribler would be. thought a Wit, and every 4
Sign-Poft-dawber an Apeiles. By inferting thisin | -
your next, you will-oblige fome of your conftant ~~
Readers, and among the reft, _

Your hu:nble Seryanr, “

MisOMORUS;

FOREIGN AFFAIRS, “%
‘By Lerters fram -Spain .we are advifed, thar ““’
the [nfanta contigues her Journey to Madrid by |
fhort Stages, that in the great Towns, thro’ -
which fhe is to pafs, they arc preparing Bull
Feafts and other Diverfions for her Entertaine 32
ment, and that at Madrid the Inhabitants have 2
obtain’d Leave of the King ¢ exhibit a Bull Feat 7
tn the great Square of thi:t-Ciy, upon the Arrival >
of this Princefs in ‘the fame magnificent Manner
they were carried on of old——Several of the
Adherents of the Emperor who had-retired out
of Spain and follow'd that Prince, are alread
arriv'd at Barcelona, in order to take Poffeffion
of their Eftates, according to the late Stipulation. * wie
made in-the Treaty of. Vienna. ——~ -They add,
that Sir Patrick -Lawlefs, a Native of “Ireland.
who is return’d from his Embaffy in Frande, “ig
to be made Governour of Catalonia, © ie.

. Weare advifed from Parig,. that on ‘thé firft
of June N. S. the King named the Duke of Anftin
to go and perform the Ceremony of demanding
the Queen, for which Purgofe he is invefted with
the Character of Am'3-Tadub Extraordinary from
the moft Chriftiaa ding, ‘to King. Staniflaus of
Poland. —The Duke de Gefvers was at the-fame
tline named for carrying the Prefents of Tew
and the Count of Charlecois to marry hon Jewels,
Majefty’s Proxy. Mademoifelle de Clermont
who is appointed Superintendent of her Majett S
Houfhold, is fhortly to fet out with twelve Ladies
of Quality, to conduét and atrend her Majety
upon her Journey.

‘
.- ¢
i Pa? edhe oa, ‘ . Py
wate eer eck Gre 7 .° . 7M te ee Py *, at a

NRA

— LONDON,. Yume 5. Do

His Majefty came on Monday to the Houle of
Peers, and being in his Royal Robes feated on
the Throne, with the ufual Solemnit » Sir Wil-
liam Sanderfon, Gentleman-Ufher of the Black
Rod, was fent with a Meflage from his Majetty to
the Houfe of Commons, commanding their At-
tendance in the Houfe of Peers; the Comimons “:
his Majefty was
ick and private: Bills. .

After which liis Majefty waspleaféd to make
the following moit gracious Speech, .

_ My Lords and Gentlemen, —

AM come to put an End to this Seffion of Parliz-
I ment, which, tho” it bas been aie y an tn~
expected Length, has been fo well employed for the Ser.
vice and Intereft of the Publick, that I affure my felf
#t will be to the geneval Satisfaction of the Nati:n, ~

1 Gentlemen of the Houfe of Commons,

The prudent Ufe you have made.of the prefent RényiB~
ing State of Credit, by a certain ReduFign of me Hh

Three Millions Seven Hundred Thoufand Pounds to
Intereft of Four per Cent. and by a wife Pro. stories

the Redemption thereof by Parlianzent, «wit! fui
Notice, on Payment of fuch sums, as the Cr.ism fta

of the Governiment wilt from Time t2 Time admit, yee <!3!oo8
of: ated ~
 rns raifed the Supply for the Service of
ff) ¢@ current Tear, at the lowef? Rate of Intervet that has
been ever known, but, without laying any new Burthen
eu my vevble, you have enabled me to difibarge the
Debis of my civil Government, Debts contratted by ne-
ceflary and unavoidable Expences, and in Support of fuch
Mer jnres oj Gcvernment, as have greatly increafed the
Hopptiej> of my People: You have thereby hewn your
jitft Regard to my Honour, and the Dignity of the
LTO
My Lords and Gentlemen,

As all ouv publick Bleffings ave the happy Effects of
the general Trrnquillity we now enjoy, I cannot but ex-
prefs my Satisfaction tn the Provifions you bave made
fer fupprejfing and preventing Difturbances and Com-~
motions in thofe Parts, where the Peace of the Kingdom
might bave been moft endanger'd. :

Nothing more remains neceffary, than to tell you, that
J entirely depend upon the faithful Difcbarge of you Du-
ties in your feveral Stations, and on your conftant Care,
in your vefpective Countries, to preferve the Peace and
Guret of the Publick: But I know not kow to part
with you without firft returning you my very hearty
thanks for the many repeated Inftances you bave in
this Seffion given me of your Duty and Affettion: All
fuch Returns may be expected from me, as can be made
by the moft indulgent Prince to an affettionate and loyal
People, |

And then the Lord King, Speaker of the Houfe
of Peers, by his Majefty’s Command, faid, -
My Lords and Gentlemen,
T is bis Majefty’s Royal Will and Pleafuve, that
this Parliament he provogued to Thurfday the firft
Day of Fuly next, tobe then here held, and this Parlia-
ment is accordingly provogued to Thurfday the firft Day

of Fuly next.

Honours and Promotions. On Monday Morning
the Patent was feal’d for ergating Lord Chief Ju-
ftice King, Baron King of Ockham 1n Surrey :
The fame Day the Seals were delivered to him,
and his Lordfhip took the Oath as Lord High
Chancellor of Great Britain. ————Sir Robert
Eyre, Kut. is made Lord Chief Juftice of the
Common-Pleas, in the Room of the Lord King,
Mr. Baron Gilbert, Lord Chief Baron, in the
Room of ‘the faid Lord Chief Juftice Eyre.

The Duke.of Dorfet is made Lord Steward of
the Houfhold, in the Room of the Duke of Argyle,
who is tmaade Mafter of the Ordnance in the Room
of the Earl Cadogan.—~The Earl of Lincoln is

Tsu bave not only

made Cofferer to his Majefty, in the Room of

—~The Duke of Bolton

this It : Ef ;
William Pulteney, ‘Eig in the Room of

is made Conftable of the Tower,

the Earl of Lincoln, and.the Earl of Macclesfield |.

is confined in the Tower in the Room of the late
Earl] of Oxford. :
Sir George Oxendon,
liament for Sandwich,
Lords of the Admiralty.
ftand Candidate again ;. we
by—— Cunningham, E(q;

Bart. Member of Par-
is appointed one of the
He is gone down to
hear he will beoppos'd
George Huxley,

Member for Bedford, is made a Commiffioner for |

Edward

Vi@ualling his Majefty’s Navy.
Thompfom FE fq; another Member of the Houfe,
the Revenue for Ireland. —~ Walter Cary, Efq;
a Reprefentative for the Borough of Helfto
Cornwall, appointed Warden of the Mint. ———
Richard Weft, E{q; one of his Majefty’s Council
at Law, and Member of Parliament for Bodmyn
in Cornwall, made Lord Chancellor of Ireland,
gn the Room of the Lord -Middleton, who re-
fion’d (as mention’d ina former Paper-)

The Rev. Mr. Farney, Chaplain and Secre-
tary to the Bithop of Winchefter, is made Arch-

for |
York, is appointed one of the Commiffieners- of

Helfton in.
Pomfret’s fine Seat at Eafton, ncar Tocefter, and
feveral others in the Way. :

Peterborough are arrived there, and the ‘Duke
and Dutchefs of Kingfton are come aw3y.

deacon of Surrey, in the Room of the Reverend

Mr. Billinfley, deaceas’d. The Reverend Mr.
James Thorn, prefented by.the Grown to the

Redory of St. Ives in Cornwall. ——~ The Rev.

Mr. Barker, prefented to the Ref&tory of Wood-

mancote in Suffex, and the Rev. Mr. Giles Wat-

kins, to the Vicarage of Childing in’ the faid
On Thurfday his Majefty went from St. James’s
to Lambeth, and fo to Greenwich; went dire-

&ly-on board the Carolina Yacht, and fell down

the River for Holland, in the Way to Hannover,
and appointed for the Regency, in his Abfence,
The Archbifhop of Canterbury.

. Lord King, Lord High Chancellor. "
Duke of Devonfhire, Prefident of the Council.
Duke of Kingfton, Privy-Seal. |
Duke of Dorfet, Steward of the Houfhold.
Duke of Grafton, Chamberlain of the Houfhold.
Duke of Bolton, Conftable of the Tower.
Duke of Argyle, Mafter of the Ordnance.
Duke of Roxburgh, Secretary of State.

Earl of Berkley, firft Commiffioner of the Ad-

miralty. , ) ,

Earl of Godolphin, Groom of the Stole.

Lord Vifcount Tewnfhend, Secretary of State.
Lord Vifcount Harcourt. ~“

Lord Carteret, Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.
Sir Robert Walpole, Knight of the Bath, firft

Commiffioner of the Treafury.

Advices from different Parts of Great Britain, &c.
From Dxblin, That the Rr. Hon. the Lord Vif-
count Falmouth, and Richard Edgecomb, Efq;

Vice 'Treafurers of Ireland, are arrived there; a

Gentlemanconcern’d in the Treafury in Dublin, it

feems, wants proper Vouchers for his Accounts,

to the Tune of 90,cco 1.——-The Rt. Hon. Earl
of Anglefea and Col, Handyfide, isalio arrived at
thar City. John Buck, ENG is marry’d
to"Mifs Mary Dean, a young Lady of a very grcat

Fortuné.—— From evaterford in the fame

Kingdom, of the 22d paft, That feveral Rogues

in Red are in Confinement in the County Goal

for Robberies, one Bolton is committéd to the
faid Prifon, for giving -Poifon to a peor Soldier,
of which he inftantly dy‘d: :

From Edinburgh, That Colonel Cathcart is made

| Receiver-General, in the Room of Mungo Gra-

ham, Efq; and Mr. Dougiafs of Covers, Poft-Ma-
fter-General, in the Room of Sir John Inglis, of
thac Pare of Great Britain call’d Scotland. Alfo

Mr. Forbes is made Lord Advoeate in Scotland,

in the Room: of Mr. Dundas; and Mr. Charles
Ereskin Solicitor-General, in the Room of Mr.
Forbes. ° : a |
From Glafeow, ‘That a Fire happen’d in that
City, which burar down about 40 Houfes.

From Neweaffle, That on Wednefday laft Week
the Plate of 20 1. was won by Mr. Fryer’s Bay
Mare. Thurfday, the gold Cup. of 50‘Guineas,
won by Mr. White’s brown Gelding; and on
Friday the Freemen’s Plate by Mr. Medcalf's
bay Horfe. . . a
From Haverford-wef, That the Lady of Fran-
cis Edwards, Efg; Member for that’ Borough,
died there laft Week. SO ot

From Norwich, That the Bifhop arrived there
on the 28th paft, being met on the Road by a
great Number of the {ober Citizens. |

From Knowy/ley in Lancafiire, "That the Earl of
Derby arrived there, having vifired the Earl. of

From Bath, That the Earls of Cardigan and

Doaths and Crfxalties. "The Lady Dowager Al-

) om

tham; Lord Molefworth ; Roth. Jones Efq. + -
Ireland, Will. Whitmore, Efg,; Member .~
Parliament for Bridgnorth, Shropfhire.-—Hon. -
Henry Pelham, Efq; one of the Reprefentatives for
Lewes in Suffex. Sir Peter Mew, Repre-.
fentative of Chrift-Church, Hampfhire, Chancel-
lor of the DiocefS of Winchefter.—_——_Dr, Hart»
well, a Prebendary of Durham, worth near 1000 1.
per Ann. laft Tuefday at Durham;——Mr. Apple
gath a Searlet Dyer at Wandfworth, going by Wa-
ter for London, dropt down dead in the Boat.——
A Baftard Child found murthered and hid in the

Cieling at a Farmers Houfe near Barking.—T wa
Perfons hanged themfelves and one drowned.

Next Friday the Pyrates will be executed,

On Weaneiday the Eatt-India Company ended
their March Sale, for Tea, &c. which amounted
to 960,400]. The Day before it met with fome
Interruption, we hear, by one of the chief
Officers in that Branch of the Excife, and alfoa
Dealer in Tea, he caufing it to be declaréd to the
Buyers, that for any Parcel of Tea, not exceed-
ing 28 lb. Weight, no Draught nor /up. Tare was
to: be allowed as ufual, which added to whae
former Hardfhips the Dealers conceive to be
broughe upon the Trade, it feems, had liked to
have fent all the Buyers bome. However, fine
Green Tea being very fcarce, they continued the
Sale. “T'was obfervyable, the abovefaid Officer in
the Excife did not buy one Lot; bur on the con-
ttary, purchas’d a large Quantity of ordinary
diy'd Tea, a Thing fo pernicious, that the Legi-
flature has thought fit, for the Benefit of rhe Peo- -
ple, to pafs an A& of Parliament, entirely to
prevent the Ufeof ir. —— N.B. Ordinary
Green Tea is fold from.3—7 to 5s. and finer,
rom 5s. to 17 s. per Pound, in Proportion to che
Goodnefs. Bohee from 8s. 1d. to8s. 8d. per
Ib. without the 4s. perlb, Excife. :

Friday the Knights of the Bath wilf be inftall’d -

We have Advice from Lisbon, that rwo Dutch
Men of War came in there much fhatrter’d in an -
Engagement with a Corfair of Algicr; in one of
them the Lieutenant and fix Men were kill'd,
and in the other the Captain, Baron Wittenhorn
was fhot in the Leg, the firft Lientenanr killed, .

‘and 30 Men kill’d and wounded. :

The Bourdeaux Merchant, Capt. Beech, is
arrived in the River, who brings an Account, |
that being in Company the 13thof May, in. Lar.
46. with a Snow from Bourdeaux, bound to Ire-
land, he faw her boarded atid carried off by a
Ketch (fuppos’d to be a Pyrate ;) which Snow, on
the 22d following, chac’d the Nancy, Caprain —
Terry, of Whitehaven, off the Lands. End, fo clofe
that the Captain and Crew were oblip’d to quiy
and get to Shore.

By Letters from the Weft-Indies, we hear,”

that a Sloop belonging to Nevis, ThomasScroghan

Commander, being fumetiime ago at Corocoa, the
Crew rofe upon the Mate ,while the Caprain was”
afhore, cut her Cables and run a Pyrating,; and

had taken two or three Vefiels whén thefe Letters |

éame away. ———- We have the good News from _
thence of the Diamond Man of War, her taking

the notorious Spanifh Pyrate in the Bay of Hon-

duras, that did fo much Damage laft Summer on
the Coaft of Virginia, in making Prize of feverak*
Englifh Veffels. She is carried into Jamaica <

‘ On the 7th of May laft, a notable Tryal came on |
before the Lord Chief Baron Eyre, in bis Majefty's. Cart |

wrought, on which a Cuftom-Houfe Officer was Pro-.

‘of Exchequer, on the Account of Ofer at tobe -
‘fecittor, as well for bis Majefty. as bimfelf, and the’

Royal African Company of England, Defendant: The ,
Company of Horners provu'd the Goods unqwrought, and

the Cufiom-Houfe Officer prov'd a legal Seizure, fo that
 wy a Verdict the fame was forfeited, and alfo double the,

Value, by Virtue of an Act of Payliament of Edward
the IVth;, and Yames the Ift.

i South-Sea Stock is 122, one qr. ‘India 164,
one qr» Bank{ 133, 3 8ths. African to.

ADVERTISEMENTS...

‘a between the asth and 31ft of May laft, a fmall
enn Shagreen Cafe, wherein was the half of a 275,

iece of Queen Elizabeth, a Jacobus 25s. a Scotch Ua-
bras BS a Cares 235. Whoever hath taken them up, and
thall bring them to Mr. Wiliams, Le.ther-Guilder, St.
Paul's Church-Yard, fhall have a Guinea Keward, or any
reafonable Satistaction. .

“This Day is publifhed, beauti‘ully printed on a fuperfine

, aper, ;

* * The SACRED CLASSICS defended and illuftrated :
Or.” An Effay humbly offer’d towards proving tue Purity,
Pro liety and true Eloquence of the Writers.of the NEW
- TE TAMEN’L. In two Parts. In the firft OF which tko&
divine Writers are vindicated againft the Charge of barba-
rous Language, falfe Greek, and Solec(ms. In the f.cond is
fhewn, that all the Excellencies of STYLE, and fublime
Beauties of Language and genuine Eloqueace do abound in
the facred Writers of the New [Leftament. With an Ac-

count of their Style and Character, and a Reprefentation of |G. s

ir Superiority, in feveral Inftances to the beft Claflicks of
Greece and Rome. By A. BLAGa WALL, M.A. Printed
for C. Rivington at the Bible and Crown In St. Pawl’s Church
‘Yard, and W. Cantrell, Bookfeller in Derby.
Alfo this Day is publifhed, the third Edition of
Mr. BLACK WALLS Introduction to the Clafficks; con-
taining a fhort Difcourfe on their Excellencies ; and Directi-
ons how to ftudy them to Advantage; with an Effay on the
Nature and Ufe of thoft emphatical and beautiful. Figures
which give Strength and Ornament to Writing. -

Leard, who was born at Cropthorn in Worcefter-
R tin, laftly fettied at Hongry Graftonin Warwick{fhire,
is defired to take Notice, that his Sifter, in-Law 1s deau,
whereby he is entituledto an Eftate, an Account whercot
he may have of Jofeph Leonard Wheclwright, of Netherton,

fterfhire. ; |
Woree | This Dayis publifhed, .— - .
“*,* Every Bodies BufinefS is no Bodies Bufinefs 5 or pri-
vate Abufes publick Grievances, exenvplified in_the Pride, In-
folence, and excrbitant Wages of our Women Servants, Foots
men, &c. with a Propofal tor Amendment of the fames a-
alfo for clearing the Sticets of thofe Vermin called Shoe
Cleaners, and fubftituting, in their Stead, many Phoufands
of indufttions Poor, now 1eady to ftarve. By And. Moreton,
¥Efq; fold by T. Warner at the Black-Boy in Pater-Nofter
Row, A. Dodd without Temple-Bar, and E. Nut at the
oyal-Exchange. Price 64.
T° be Letty at Maidenhead in Berks, 22 Miles from Lon-
don 4 Miles fiom Windfor, in the Road to Bath, a good
brick Honfe, three ‘Storics high, wainf-otted two. Stories,
two Rooms on a Floor; with arched Vaults, Stone Kitchen,
Wath-Houft, Garden, and Stables ior three Horles, Enquire
at Mr. Thomas Overfhott’s, a Farrier in Maidenncad,’ or at
the Vicarage Houfe in St. Margaret s Church-Yard in Weft-
inft ,
+. Ropp'd on Monday Night the 24th of May laft, between
the Spread Eagic in the Strand, andthe End ot Ruflel-
Court in Drury-Lane, a Bundle tied in a Napkin, in it a
black velvet Scar’, a black luteftring Hood, a black Fan, a
white filk Apron, and other Things: Whoever _will bring
them to the Blaca Spread Eagle, near Somerfet-Houle, thali

receive, at the Bar, a Guinea Reward, and no Queftions |p

oA ST the South-Weft End of Union-Street in Deptford, in

the County of Kent, isto be Lett or Sold, a handfome
brick’d Houfe, three or four Rooms on a Floor, with a very
good Garden wall'd in, and planted with very good Fruit-
Trees, Coffee-Houfe and Stable adjoining to it. Enquire at
th c Swan Coffee-Honf in the fame Street.
~Tolen or ftray’d, May the 2eth, from Richard Bufhnell, of
‘Teddington, in Middletex, near Hampton-Court, a bright
bay Mare, about 15 Hands high, 8 Years old, with ftveral
Saddle Spots, one white Foot behind, anda little Goole rumpt;
dnd a black Gelding about 14 Hands high, 6 Years old, ha-
ying all his-Paces, a Tittle Star.in-bis Forehead, and a Wart
on Ris Ear, cut Tail, and athick Punch; and a black Cart
- Mare, full Age, about 14 Hands and a half high, a brown.
Nofe, and a little lop-car ¢ : Whoever can give Notice of
‘them, fo as they may--be had again, shail receive three Gui-
neas Reward, or one Guinea for either of them. .
Good commodious Houft, with Gardens, well planted
' Image of Pallas overthe Door. Enquire at the Houfe, or of
Capt. Sergeant, next Door but one above it.
February 1725, aS alfo in other papers of the fame date,
and fince, isadvertisd a powder lately impotted, which in

; To be Lett;
A with Fruit, in Church-Lane, in Chelfea, having the
W Hereasin mift’s weekly journal, on Saturday the 2oth of
every refpect fully anfwers the ufe of Coffee, and there being

"| @ larger demand than ‘was expectcd, feveral perfons went

_ without; care. will be taken for the future to prevent the
' Tike, a large parce. being juit arrived exceeding fine and good,
which may be tafted at the‘firft houfe on the lefc hand in Rell
Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill upone pair of Stairs, where any
Quantity may be had at 2s. 6d. per pound. N. B. No lels
than one pound is fold; it will.anfwer without mixture of
cofee, and hath been much approved on fince the Advertife-
ment.

This Day is pubtifi'd,
*\* The Life of Jonathan Wild, jroni his Firth to hfs
Death; containing his kife and Progre!s in Rogueiy, his
firt Acquaintance with Thieves, by what Arts he made him-
felf their Head or Governor, his Difcipline over them, his
Policy and great Cunning. in governing them, the feveral
Clafies of Thieves under his Command, in which all his In-
trigues, Plots and Aitifices are accounted for and laid open,
intermix’d with feveral diverting Stories. Ry H. D. late Clerk
to Juftice R---. Printet :or T. Wamerat the Black-Boy in Pa-
ter-nolter-row. Price one Shilling.
ne Juft publithed, oe ;

. *t* Acrue, authentick and impartial Hiftory of the Life
and glorious Actions of the CZAR of MUSCOVY: From

> oe

his bnthto hisdeath. Containing, I. an exact account of his

title, defvent, family and iffte. II.: His detection of the
feveral plots formed againft him, and his punifliment of the
confplrators. IIT. His Wars with the turks, {wedes and po-
landers ; and his fuccefsful and unparalleled conquefts over
thofe people. IV. Histravelsinto Euro e, &c, for the im-
provement ofarts, fcienccs, military difcipline and naval af-
airs, more particularly to germany, holland, and the courts
of Englandand France. V. His remarkable fpeech at his
return home. VI His proceedings againft the Czarewitz his
fon, hisnomination of a fuceeflor, his ficknefs, death and
interment, ‘Fhe whole compiled from the kuffian, High
Dutch and French languages, {cate papers, and other publick
authorities, Printed for A Bettefworth in Pater Nefter Xow,
. Strahan; W. Meadows, in Cornhill; J. Stagg in Weft-
minfter Hall; J. Graves in St. James's Street; S. Chap-
man in pall-mall; &. Frankling_in Covent Garden; J.
Harding in St. martin’s-lane ; T. Fdlin in the Strand, and J.
Jackfon near St, James's Houfe, price ss. ,

Juft publifh’d, and ready to be d-liver’d to the Subfériters, by
the Underiaker, T. Edlin, at the Prince’s Arms, over a-
giintt Excter-Exchange in the Strand;

*,* Tic Rev. Mr. STRYPE’s ANNALS of the, RE-
FORMATION, in 2 Vais. Folio. Being a Continuation of
Bithop Burnet’s (iftory, tromght down to the 23d Year of
the Reign of Queen Elizabeth. With large Appendixes of
many valuable origins] Papers. .This Book is approve oy
the moft ~everend Pench of Bifhops, and dedicated to lus
Majelty, by whom the Author was moit gtacioufly received.
Sold by 'T. Edlin, as above, Meff? Innys at the Weft-End of
“t. Paul's, A. fettefworth in Pater-Nolter-Row, and G. Stra-
han in Cornhill. Prince 21. ros. in Sneets. A finall Num-
ber are printed on large Parner, for the Curlcus, Price four
Guineas. Where may be had tne Revolutions in Spain, in
five Vols. Cétavo. oo.

‘OD be Lett or Sold in Epping in Effex, in a very gocd
Market Town, fifteen Miles diftant from London, a
very convenient Houfe, pleifantly fituated, newly 1:epair’d,
four ooms on a Floor, with a Brewhoufe, Barn, Stable;
anid other Conveniences, with Crchard and Garden. Enquire

of Mr, George suring in Epping.
Ab pudlifhed ;

*,* An Enquiry whether.a general Bractice of Virtue tends
to the (ealth or Poverty, Benent or Difadvantage of a Peo-
pic; in which the Pleas offer'd by the Author of the Fable of
the “ces, or private Vices publick Benefits, (or the Ufefulnes
of Vice and “oguery, are confider’d ; with fome Thoughts
concerning 2 Toleration. of pudlick Stews. Printed tor R.
Wilkin at the King’s-Head in St. Pani'’s Church- Yard.

HE ROYAL CORDIAL TINCTURE, whofe Excel-
lencies have ‘been formerly mentioned in this Paper, it
teing the moft fovercign Med cine, and effettual Cure for
the Cholick, healing the Howels, creating Appetite, and re-

{toring Heilth ; as likewife preventing the Gout from entring

into the Head or Stomach. Sold only at Mr. V. Grimftead s

at the Black Swan, in St. Paul's Church-Yard ; Mrs. Cooper’s

oyfhop, the Corner of Charles-Street in the Strand, and

‘by the Maker, at the Green Lamp in Swallow-Street, Picka-

dilly, at 3s. 6.4. each Bottle. Where may be likewife had

the true Holt Water, for feorbutick Humours,

Lectuarium Mirabile: Or, the Adnurable Electuary,

which infallibly cures 2:1 Degrees and Symptoms of the
Secret Diftafe, with more Eafe, Speed dnd Safety, than any
Medicine yet publifh’d ; any old Running, &c. though of fe-
veral Years ftanding; whether orcafion’d by an over-ftrain,
Weaknefs of the Seminals, or the Relicts of a former Infecti
on, is certainly cur’d in a thort Time, without a Minute’s
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ufe of Aftringents ; being a
Medicine fo wonderfully pleafant and eafy in its Operation,
that the niceft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may take it
with Delight: T'wo Pots are genefally finfficient to compleat
a Cure in moft Cafes. To be had only of the Author Dr. Cam,
a Graduate. Phyfician, who has publifhed it 20 Yeats, and is
conitantly to be advis'd with at his Houfe at the Golden Ball
and Lamp, in Bow Chnrch-Yard in Cheapfide, at half 'd Guinea

the Pot. : aan ey
[ HENRY COX, living next Docr ta the

ic-@ ' Sign of the Faicon, againft the Vine-

Tavern in Holbom, having, by a great
; ; . Gold; which fell into my Eyes, loft my
Sight, infomuch thar I did never expéét I fhould ever be
brought to fte again, but happily was advifed to make Ufe
of Mrs. Cater, who, not only at firft Sight, to my no fall
Comfort; told: me.I was curable, and alfo did, wnder God, per-
form the fame in as thoit'a Time‘ ascould be expected ; and
this F do for no other Intent ‘but for the Good and Benefit_of
thofe who may meet with the like Affliction: The faid Mrs. Ca-
ter ftill lives in Caftte-Gourt, Birchin-Lane, atthe Sign of the
Hand and Eyc. . , , So
Note, She cures withont any Inftrument ; and fhe infallibly
cures the Ague, without the leaft Grain of Cortex,, or that
they call the Jefiuits Bark. Price five Shillangs the Vial. No

Letters received except Poft paid.

Pf

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUN;, ot the Aftamatich Jet.
J lep, which is Kifown by n:dny Years Experience to te a ne-
ver failing Mledigine in old ooftinate Afthma’s, whofe fh To-
cating Fit it putsogf in a Moment; it gives a p fect Relief
in ftraining laborioug Coughs, that are unmercifully troubie-
fome Nizhtand Morting; "tisa moft exccllent Remedy for
Shortnefs of Breath upon any Motion, and. in Breathing with
Diffeulty, Straightnefs ot the Breait, with Hoarfenefs and
Wheezing. Nothing exceeds thi§ admirable Juleb, for by open-
ing the Brouchial Duéts and Penumonick Paffagess it pene-
trates in the inmolt Receflés of the Lungs, and there meeting
with tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy 1 hicgm, fo attenuates,
divides, moves and works it, that by coughing and {pitting, ic
expectorates and throws tip all fiich Matter with the greateft
Faf: and Pleafure, thereby cleanfing:and freeing the Breaft
and Lungs, when (tuff! up and clogged with a heavy Load, and
fo prevents Confumptiors,. Ulcers of the Lungs, &c. Note;
It isa.fafe and pieafant Medicine ; to be taken by Spoontuls,
according-to the printed DireGtions, withcut the leaft Confine-
mch-, cr Danger of catching Cold.” To he had at Mr. George
Strahan’s at the Golden-Ball over-againft the Roydl-Exchange,
Cornhill, and at no other Place. Price 25.6da -°
Tobe Let at Midfimmer next °
THE manner houfe, cailed Tuttham fhall, in the parifh
of Weft farley in the county of Kent. (within fonr mile
of Maidfton, and ten of Tunbridge wells) containing ten or
twelve rooms on, a floor, ready. furnifhed, with three acres
of g rdening, ali planted with the beft and choiceft fruits,
moit of the gardening being walled in, and planted with
beautiful greens now in perfection, together with convenient
table and Coach-honf Koom, with a Barn for Hay and all
other Convenience, and fifzeen or twenty Acres of very good
pafture and meadow ground about the houfe; and a greater
Quantity (if required) as alfo. the royalty. of the manner;
and near three miles conimand of the fithing on_the river
Medway, lying be‘Gre the faid feat, there being feveral fith
vonds well ftored with. fith, and no honufe in the ‘county
better fupalied with excellent water. Engnire of the revd.
Mr. North at weft foley aforefaid, or Mr. Mat. Cacket at
tthe Gelde1 Ballin Dean Strect in Fetter Lane, and you may
know ‘brther, . a Lo _
W. Kayner, Surgeon, living at the Muc Pofts in Prefron’s
"Yard, the lower en-cf rhe minorics, the name Rayner and
golden Ball hanging over the Gate, near Wittle Tower Hill
H Ath afpeedy and faie cure for the pox orclap, with all
i its various fymptoms, by his famous ‘chymical drink,
being pleafant in tafte, yet efedtualin curing that dangerous
difeatc, which has becn the ruin of hundreds by falling into
unskilfint hands. I cure (under God) the moft invete-ate pox,
in three weeks at fartheft, as ulcersin the throat, loft palate,
finking ofthe nofe, phymo*s, paraphymofs, faanke.s, pocky
warts, bubocs, or {welling inany part. If your body be full
of ulcers and fcabs, in afew DaysI 1:emove all thofe’ hetero-
genous particles, taking aw3y ail pains in the head, fhoulders;
aridfhin bones, fo that this falubrious liquor reftores the body
to perfect heafth. They that have made tryal.of it wonder
at the cures it performs. Thofe who have newly got a clap,
may entirely depend on a.cure by taking two or three.dofes of
my venereal pills or bo!uffés, without hindrance of bufinefs;
or it being kriown to the nezrcft relation or bedfelow. I fhall
not wf many invitations, but rather leave you to make ex-
perience, which is beyond allargument. Ina word, let your
condition be never fo bad, diftruft not, for I promife very.
fair, no cure no money. I do any thing in Surgery. my pills
and boluftes are ufeful far fea or land, which L have always
ready by me. Note, there’s a lightat my door.in anevening.
Againt the VENEREAL DISEASE... ,
sti K tamous Italian BOLUS, has fo great Succefs in
T the Cure of the Venereal Difeafe, that net one of the
great Numbers that daily take ic mif ofa perfect Cure; and
tho’ fo very cheap as 2s. 6d._cach, yet four Poinfics never
fail to root ont and carry off the moft malignant, virulent,
and obftinate kind of the vencrial Difeafé, withove Coafine-
ment, or making your Cafe known to any; wo... if ic fails
todn, the Money is retuined. This great Medicine Llikewife
deftroys Mercury, and carries it out of the Body, and thereby
relieves thofe unfortunate Perfons who have filler into bad
Harkls in former Cures. Ts to be had only at th: Flamm
Sword the Corner of Rufiel-Screer, over-againt Will's Cotte?
Houle, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Place is Couao-
INCTURA NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordial
+r Tincture for the Nerves, being an approved, experienced
and never-failing Medicament in finking, .Jangnifhing, and
lownef{s of Spirits, Palpitation, or ‘Trembling of the Heare, 4
all paralitick, foporofe and conyulfive Diftempers, anf in al
Afflictions of the Head and Nerves; itinfallibly prevents the
bad Effects of Coffee and Tea on th: Nervss, waich occafiong
in moft People the above-mentioned Diforiers (with,many
more, which you'll fee at Jarge in the printe< Book of Directi- »
onsy but yet by taking a few Cropsof this moft pleafant deli- ~
cate Cordial, in the firft Dith of Coffee or Tea, yout may then
drink at Liberty ; for this great Medicine penetratés through
the whole nervous Syftem, and fo recrnits the Brain and Pive-
cordia with a full Influx of exulting Spirits, which perfurm the
Bufinefs of vital Funétion with freth Alacrity; and new Brisk;
nefs; fo that the Pulft,. which lay fecbie and wavering, now
falls a beating vigoroufly, and With: great Exactnefs ; more-
over; it Wonderfully difperfes Fear, Sadnefs, confufed Thoughts;
Twitchings of the Legs and Arms, difturbed Sieen, and.al) the
difinal Train’ of Vapaurs and Melancholy... It likewile_ftops
Vomiting, puts off Natfeoufnefs, precuresa good Appetite,
and is now in great Efteem amongtt Quality of the firft Rank,

Sold. only at G..Strzhan's, Rookfiler, at the Golden Bally

Cornhill, ever-againft the Royu-Exchange, and at no ote
Piace. Price os. 6d,
 | This Day is publifhd, -,
¥.* The. Church of England Mans Refolution ; thewin
his Reafons for not being 2 DISSENTER. Kecommende

to the” Confideration of every true Son of the Chutch; and
neteffary tq be read in Charity Schools, in order to the con-
hrming of Youth in che Principles, and furnifhing them with
fome plain Keafons for. their being Members of the Church
o: England. ‘Co which is added, a Prayer to her Prefervation
and Profperity. Price 3d. Printed for J. Wilford in Little-
Britain. Whete may be had

The Cafe of the Church of ngland truly-reprefented, and
fully vindicated. By the late Reverend Mr. Jofhua Barnes,
Profeffor of the Greek Language in the Univerfity of Cam-
bridge. Price xs.

. Specifick Drops for DEAFNES.

W Hich entirely cure that Mis‘ortune, fo as nof to return
again, atter all other Means have been ufed without
SuccefS; as all Thicknefs of Hearing, Pain and Noife in the
Eais, &c. The wonderful Effeéts oc the laudable DROPS. are
truly furprizing, for they Kemedy all Defects of the hearing
aculty, tho’ of many Years ftanding, almoft in an Initant,
,Caufing thofe to hear exceeding quick and welt, who before
Were In a manner totally deaf. Hundreds who were fo very
bad, as not able to hear a Drum when beat clofe by them, and
therefore defpair'd of being ever reliev’d, have been quickly
and perfeétly cured by them, to their great Joy and Admir t-
tion. They alfoeffectually remove all Pain occafion’d by Cold,
comfort and ftrengthen the Tympanum, or Drum of the Ear
free the auditory Nerves from ‘\:bitruction, aad reetify all Dit?
orders fo abfolutely,-and in fo thort a Space of Time, that
one would fearce think iz poflible, did not the-largelt Expe-
. Yience evince’'the Truth of it. In a Word,. nothing in Na-
ture can coine near them for the certain and alni oft immedi-
ate Cure of DEAFNESS, proceedi 1g from what Caufe fo-
ever; but the great Efteem ani Reputation they have juttly:
gain'd for many Years paft, have occafion’d (as_ufual in fuch
afes) many Counterfeits to come abroad, beware therefore

aoe. “4, oe in
7" ta 8 Tay le

. *¥

- Dr. JA. GRAHAM,
From the Univerfity of Leyden in Holland, at the Galden Head

and Green Palliladocs, Pater-Nofter-Row, Spittlefields,
A Regular, graduate, and learned Phyfician, of long and
vels into foreign Countries ; and who

great_ Experience, gain'd by his long Pra¢tice and Tra-
of the molt famous Univerfities in Europe, and fveing ‘the

Houf,
na Floor,
Uire of Mr, -:
rs. Beiry,.
eet, near

; .

._. ro te Lett,

T. Whetftone, eight Milcs from London, a gooij

fituate near the Green Man, with two Rooms on

Irets, a Garden, and other Conveniences. En

Alexander Norcot, Carpenterin Whetftone,. or
Diftiller, next the Crofs Keys Inn St. Joln’s-Str

er,

by ftudying at feveral | Hicks’s-Hall, and know furt

*

HEREAS notwithftanding the Laws made for the

Practice of different Nations, has attained to the moft won- W Prefervation of the Gar fo Ms :

derful Secrets in Nature for curing Uifeates incident to hu- | lefaétors have of ate engi Sime of this qringdom, avers Ma-

man Bodies ; and is particularly well skiil’d in Man-mid-]-Poulitry and their Eggs, received, or conceajed-the fee when
Diforders, Weakneflés, &c. in Women, whe- | ftolen.” Thefe are to give Notice, that fuch Milefactor will

wifery, and all
ther Wives, Widows or Maids, and can tell, at Sight, any
Perfon’s D ftcmper, ‘and whether it be curable or not ; and
who, (by the Bl-ffing of Almighty God) has cured Numbers
of Beople who have languifhed many Years under Difeafes
(which have, by feveral eminent Phyficians, been pronounc’d
incurable, who have defir’d thisto be publith’d forthe Bene-
fit of others. And ths’a Report has been falfly {pread abroad,
that Dr. Graham’in Spittiefielis was dead, theie are to cer-
tify, that the Doctor (Thanks be to God) is alive, and ftill
continues to give Advice in all Diftempers at his Houfe, as
formerly, every Day (Sundays excepted, from Ten i

be profecuted for fucn their Fetonies and: mean
with the utmoft Severity, without any Lapel Party
robbed, on Notice, by the Poft paid, unto Mr. Reginald
Feber in Bell-Yard, near Tempie-Bar, London: And that
whoever diftovers any Oxfender in the Premifts unto the faid
Mr. Heber, fo as fuch Offender be convitted of any of the
faid Offences, he or fhe fhall in ten Days after fich Convi:ti-
on, receive phe Reward of fave Pounds of the futd Mr. Heber,
ui be rurcher encouraged according to his or their Dili-
gelice in detecting fuch Offenders. Bre ns or Eieix Dil
Taft publith’d, the eth Editionof- ”
ey" 7, ESSAYS upon’ feveral Moral Subjasts. I
arts. Upon Pride Luelling, General { ene

Kindnefs, the Weak-
nefs of Human Reafon ; .on Mu%ck, the Value of Li
Spleen, Eagernefs_ of’ Defire, Fr ug of Life, the

in the

Morning to ‘Three in the Afternoon, where he may be advi-

fed with in Dutch, Englifh, Italian, or French. Note, He] p

cures Ruptures in Men, Women, or Children, withouta Trmifs,

Note alfo,. Waiting (Pai in the ynty may, by ftating Friendthip, Popularity; a
icir Cafe in Writing (Poftage paid) have Advice and proper ; ‘Rane anys &

Remedies, with Directions, to cure any Diftemper. > pe Del pate ot oe Entertainment of Books, Envy, againft

. ”

ns f
N. B. Miftake not the Houfe; thereis a Golden Headox Liberty, Old. Age, Pieafure, of
the Door. He gives Advice.to the Poor, gratis. " over; Pain, Revenge, Authors, Power, Riches and Poverty.

Whoredom, Drunkennef$ Gaming, - Solitude, Diftontent
W RIGHT’s Diuretick, or cleanfing Tin¢ture. 7D EOS .

By pcremy Collier, A, M. i
Hich urlnally difcharges ail the feces or putrid relicks of -1!. A fhort and eaty Method with the Deifts’s ‘wherein the
its C the Lues Alamode, or Venereal Inte¢tion, and caufes
‘Diftemper, asa mucous, filthy,

| Truth of the Chriftian Religion is. demonttrated by infallible
oncommitants, the wretched Train of that complicated : Proof ftom four Rules, ‘which are incompatible so any Impo-
| fanious Matter loig’d in the
Reins, or {permatick Parts, whi |
tne Urine, or too. trequent !

added, a fecofid. Part to the Jews.

i fture that ever yet has been, or can poffibly be. To which is

rovokesit. This Relick is ginal Pilgrims; thewing

of fuch Impofitions, thefe exccilent and only true Specific “S ly p » mo .
Drops belug to be had only, by the Author's A ointment, diicoverable, partly by the fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a! Laure c : He Wel, AMY Co attive atthe Love of God. By
- of the Gentlewoman at the Two Blue Poftsin Haydon-Yard averting Smell eee of phe Backs a purate naufeous, and iI three pinged or 'G Strahan at the Golden Ball over
e : 1 wu ° . a
‘ Pee Aig et eee ne or againft the Royal Exchinge in Cornhill, . __ .
Jutt publifh

a
in the Minories, at 3s. 6d. 2 Buttle, with Directions, and
no where eife in England.

é 7 AX the FUNGARY WATER WARE

HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Comb,

a Comb-Makers, the Corncr of Bell-Savage-

Inn on Ludgate-Hiil, is fold right French

Hungary Water, being the fame Sort fold

feveral Years paft, and is eafily diftinguifhed

cask from the pernicious counterfeit Sort fold a-

effet bout the ‘Town, pretended to be imported

« Montpelier, &c. Likewife the following foreign Com-
ace, viz.

tro
modities are fold at the fame Pl
parish French-Hungary Water, at 1s 3d. the Half-Pint

Fine Florence Oi!, at 2s. per Flask. ;
~ Right Irih Uiqueban h, at 2s. the Half-pint Bottle.
Fine Orange-Flower Water, at 1s 6d. per Flask.
All Sorts of Legnorn and Bermuda Hatts for Ladies.
N. B. There is a Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Fiask, to

prevent Counterteits,
. ‘To. . . _
THE, moft Noble Volatile Smelling Bottle in the World;
L whieh finelied to, momentarily fetches the moft difinal
fainting or fwooning “its, and ina Moment re noves Fluth-
ingS, Vapauts, Dalnef$, Head-ach, Megrims, &c. It takes
ot all heavy Stcepinefs, retards Swooning, keeps up the
- ° Spirits to a Miracle, and by its Ufe admits of no Fainting
... but invigorates and enlivens the whole Man 3 recreates, and
_ Makes chearful, a'though never fo fad, and in a Moment
raifes all the fenfitive Facu'ties: It is alfo to te taken in-
wardly by Drops, which effectually takes off and cradicates
the very Caufe; for it potently relieves, comforts and
ftrengthens the Brain, creatés and corroboratcs a Stomach,
removes Sicknefs from it, helps Digeftion, c.eanfes the Blood,
‘and in a Word, is the greateft Cephalick, Stomatick, He-
_patick, and_powerful Aromatick poifible; therefore is cx-
“tream neceffaty for all Gentlemen, Ladies, &c. always to
“be carried in’ their Pockets. Sold now only at Mr. Mark-
ham’s Toythop, at the Seven Stars under St. Dunftan's
Church, Ficet ‘ftreet, and at Mr. King's Picture Shop in the
Foultry, at 2s. 6d. each, . ;
Lately publifh’d, the Fifth Edition corrected, of
*.* A Compendious Treatife of the. Difeafes-of the Skin,
from the flighteft itching Humour in particular Parts only,

Smell to, &c.

to the moft inveterate Itch, ftubborn Scabbinefs 5 and confir- ]

med Leprefy ; plainly deftribing their Symptoms, Nature
Dependance on each other, original Caufe, and difmal Confe-

quences to the Patients, and their Pofterity, if neglected or |. (at*¢
Quickitlver Gir- | \ rR

mifmanaged ; alfo the dangerons Effeéts of Q i
dles, Ointments, Wafhes, and other pernicious Mercurial
Medicines. Difcovering the true and only certain, Method of
curing thofe Diftempers with Sa%cty, Eale anc |
and without the Ufe of daublng Ointments, , Brimftane, ‘or o-
ther nanfeous and ill fmelling Remedies, Confinement of the
Patient, Diforder of the Body, or Knowledge of the neareft
Friend. ‘The whole ifluftrated with fzveral extraordinary Ca-
fes, and very remarkable Cures performed by the Author.
Neceffary to be read by all Perfons, but more efpecially thofe
pily troubled with the [TCH, or. any other

‘who are tnha
Diftemper of the Skin. By T.S. Printed, and fold by J.

-Koberts near the Oxford-Arms, in.Warwick-lane, A: Dodd,
at, the Bezcock without ‘Temple-Bar. Price ftitch’d, One

«Shilling. -

>.

ate +

and Expedition;

fecuient Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or flying in it, with ;
Variety of Figures. Farther, this Tincture efpecially. carries
off all Relicks of the Venereal Difeafe, after ill managed
Cures, not only cleanfing the Urinary Paffages of all Sand,
Grivel, Films, or membraneous Peilicles, &c. but after a
fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Xeins, reftoring them, and

ed new Editions of the following Books.

. A N_Account of the PLACE where the
Nightingale, Swallow, Cuckow, Field-

fare, Woodecck, and other ‘Birds of ‘ba }

Go. and Refide, when Abfent ‘froni is. (A

all their genital Parts, to their original Tone and Ufe, though | 2 pia/che Waa & Curious Treatift.). Alfo the GOUT, the
the Misfortune: and Decay be of the longeft Date, with an e- ; < a Weaknefs, and Secret Patient's DIARIES.
qual Succefs in each “ex. To be had tor res. per Bottle, with Qi Being cach a Practical Journal from Day to
Directions for its Ufe, only at his Houfe, the Golden Head Day whiift a Perfon has. the Secret Diftafe,

Enel Bo We cre tl GEOEN GRATES Up OnePalrof S
; , e dks are a , s nePair of Stairs
tie The PROLIFICK ELIXIR. at the Cciebrated Anodyne NECK LACE, P recommended by
Medicine of ineftimable Worth for the Cure of BAR- | Dr. Chainberlen for Children’s Teeth without Temple-Bar. At
RENNESS in Women, and IMBECILITY in Men, : Mr. Jeremiah Pain’s Toythop in Pone’s Head-Ally in Cors-
an {that by promoting the erearful Currie‘e of the Blood and hili, rignt over-againft the Royal-Exchange.- And:by R. Brad-
Juices, raifing all the Vsti ts ‘mm their languid depreffed State, ‘thaw (the Author's ‘Servant) againft Sutton-Street End by
forafyine esata fparkling, Cpeaing, all Obftru:tions, ; soho Square. _ as a
ortifying the Nerves, encrea/ing the animal Spirits, reiting | RS: ME
a guvenile Bloom, and evidently réplenithing the crifpy Fibres , The we NIVERSA ah M It YM EO cCEN E,
of the whole Habit with a generous Warmeh and balmy Moi-| 4 Certain and infallible Cure for the SCURVY, of the
fturc, ane thereby ‘nvigcrating it to fich a Degree as not to! A longeft ftanding, and the moft aggravated Circumftances,
be ty end , He: Y, thofe who have experienc’d how exceed- by a Cordial Elixir, fo peculiarly adzpted to that Difeafe in
INBlY aha luddealy it renova.es, recruits, and powerfully ail its Forms of appearing, from the flighteft itching Humour
ftrengthens all the animal Facnities, and generitive Powers in the Btood, to its utmoft or laft’ Effort of human Nature : °
in bot Sexes. ft enforces a | right lively Difpoficion, banithes It’s not a rugged Purgative that difturbs the Patient in ta-
Me‘ancholy, and infpires Mirth ?nd Gladn--{ of Heart, beyond king it, but a true Specifick Cordial, that perfectly cures
Expreffion. Abnndance of Ladizs, who tor feveral Years pha Diftemper by gentle Evacuation yb Stool and Urine
were deemed incurably barren, have quickly, after taking it, and f>.powerfully rectifies the Blood and Juices, that fero-
conccived, and become fruitful ; and great Numbers of’ Gen- . hu'ous Cafes are alfo fpeedily cured by it: ‘and all Spots
tlemen, who, by faft Living, or otherwife, hadrender’d them- Bictches, Pimples. &c. on the Skin, are uickly and entire-
selves incapable of Pr-creation, ‘ave foon been enabled by jy taken’off. It isa Cordial in the Stomach, removes ail Pain
i fivicne ats their Species 5 infomuch, that verymany il- {rom it, helps Digeftion, and is fo particularly adapted to all
confolab! amilles, wo or want of Chil Gaits Were almoft in- Conftitutions, that it is the moft gencral Family Medicine
onfolable, are now bleit with happy Ilue, and are (under that ever was known, to be taken Spring and Fall, to pre-
Providence) indebted to this great Medicine for their Heirs. ferve Health. It hinders no Rufinef or Recreation in taking:
It rectifies all Diforders of the Stomach, creates an Appetite, it, Itis fold at the Golden Ball, on Puddle-Dock. Hill near
eins aa Digeltion, an¢ in all Weaknefs of Body, or [nudgate-Street, at 3s. the Bottle. Where good Allowance °
ecay 0 omtitution of any Kind, is a moft admirable Re- jg given by Wholefale to Country Shopkeepers, &c,.(onc in a
me Ys, and e: cn ieems fo keep back che Effects of ald Age it City, or Town) to fell again.. 'The printed Directions given -
lf. : rops at a Time, hasave ith i 0 :T ici ifll ! -
fine Flavour, is pleafant to th: Palace, cordial-to the ‘Sto. witnit sitet one abies ion Keep many Years,
Moft famous Tin¢iure for the Wind-Cholick, in what .
Part foever lodged, for at once taking, in five Minutes’

mach, and can be had only at the Two Blue-Pofts in Haydon-
Yard in the Minories, at $s. a Bottle, with Dire¢tions.
At the Dove and Gelden Ball in Salisbury-! Time, it perfectly cures the fevereft Gripings in the Gnts ;-
. Court, Flect-ftreet, liveth a Geftlewoman and alfo immediately expels the Wind from the Stomach, or
that prepares the moft excellent Cofmetick or; Bowels, (as it
Beautifiers yet knewn, as that moft noble Pre-

were) to:a- Miracle. And forall wanderiny -
1 Pains in any Part whatfoever, which are in fome-Perfons, the
-, paration of Pearl, with a. particular beantity-
in Fluid, both which ufed by Ladies of’ the

fore-runner ofa fix’d Rheumatifm, in others the Gout. - This
Ne famous Medicine has not its Fellow, having wrought Won-. °
a Quality; they, with surprize, také away © der; in thefe Cafes on great. Numbers of People, that before
“owes Rednels, Pimp'cs, Roughness, Worms, Mor-

‘phew, Scurf, Sun-burn, Freckles, Wrinkles, Pits of the

taking it, could neither fit, ftand, nor lie at Eafe, but were ©

3 mn in inrollerable Pain Night and Day, who,: in taking but 3 or -

Small-Pox,. with’ other Defilements of the Skin. Likewife 4 Dofes, were ab(olutely freed from their prefent vain, aftd °

fhe prepares a fine Italian Cream for the Wace, Neck, and’ by afhort Continuance of the Courfe, recovered to perfect

Hands, which plumps and fmooths the Skin to Admiration ;! Healthagain. As forany Beichings, or Hiccups procteding °.
the Nuns White-Pots, and Tower-Stréet Pots, with an Eaft- | from Wind ; or,.in hort, in any Cafe.of Wind, it. may be

India Chinefe Red Liquor, none having the t but her-!. dercndedon as the beft, fafeft, moft expeditions, and mgft fo-
felf: Te gives a moft natural-and lafting Bluth, that no Perfon. vereign Remedy ever yet knowns; it isinte ded chiegy for
can diftinguifh when on the Face, and not to be mbb’d off. , the Good of Country People that live remote from Phyfitians, -
land the poorer Soit in Towns is-thérefore fol} but for 3s. a

and two Lamps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill,

Alfe tobe had,.the red Crown Cakes, White-Pafte, or Cakes | Soit OY,
for the Fage,.or Hands, and all other Cofmeticks tormerly fold | Bettle, with Dircétions,. at Mr. Ward's Toythop, at the Pea-
here by Mrs. Hockle. N. B. She fas a chymical Liquor. which epck next the Swan Tavern againft the Royal Exchange in.

altars'red or grey Hair to a light or dark Brown.

LONDON: Briated by N, MIST, in Great-Carter-Lane.
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 5 June 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786085/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 