a nes

‘blood’ Murder, a Rape, or a -Marriage, the Tryal of a

ee ed

wom Duantnin mutatus ab ills, —— )

S all Men, who have any Thing to do with the Pub-
licky Should render a ftri& Account of their AGions,
Itherefore, in my laft, gave the Reafons why 1 was
obliged co alter the Form and Price of my Journal.
Since therefore it has pleafed the Wifdom of the
=) Leciflature to think, chat a confiderable Sum of Mo-
ney may be raifed towards paying the Debts of the Nation, by this
Paper ; I, as a truc Briton, and good Proteftant, being defirous to eafe
my Fellow-Subjeés of the Burden of tome of their Taxes, by thefe
my Labours, am reéfolved, henceforth, to exert my telf in a more
than ordinary Manner, towards making this Paper more diverting, .
as well as inftruétive, than heretofore, that, by the Sale it may an-
fwer all the Purpofes defign'd, that. no Deficiencies may be here-
atter found in the Supplies granted fur the Year feventeen hundred
twenty five; and that, at next Seffions of Parliament, the Tax on
Soap, Candles, Leuther, or fome otlier Manufaure, which deferves
Encouragement more than the. Paper Trade, ma be taken off, to
the great Eafe of thé middling and poorer Sort of People.

~ Yet I can’t help obferving, that while I look on my felf in this
new Drefs, the Gracefulnets of my Figure feems’ to futter fome Di-
minution frem the Change: Methinks I look like fome vereran Sol-
dier, who, by the Misfortunes of War, had loft a Leg and an Arm
jn the Service of his Country. Yet. I comfort my felf with this
Refleétion, thar tho’ this Mutilation impairs rhe Beauty of fuch,
they arc look’d upon with the more Refpe&. Upon which Confi-
deration I am refolved, char if,. for the Good of my Country, it
Should be refolved, by any future A&, to cut me off another Limb,
and oblige me to appear in. half the Quantity of Paper in which I

ep gyre
ei Te Al

am now feen, I fhall not qui: the Field ; nay, tho’ I fhould be re- |

duced at aft, like che valiant Aiddrington of old, to fight upon my
stumps - , _ - .

I utter my felf upon the whole, that my Readers will not fuffer
$n their Diverfions, by this new Regulation ; for in my initial Ef-
fays, I shall now lie under a Neceffity of avoiding Prolixity, a Fault
which has fpoil’d the beft Produ@ions of the Pen, and which we
are warn'd by the Criticks, above all others, to beware of.—Nay,
it is obferv'’d by Philofophers, as well as Criticks, that all Thinks
which are fmall, whether Animals or Vegetables, aré moré pérfe
in their Kinds, than thofe of a larger Growth; ‘and the Reéafon
they are pleafed to give for it is, chat the latter require a greater
Quuntity of Spirits to animate and give them due Vigour, than
Nature allows to one Body. And the famg Rule, they rell us,
often holds in Refpeé to the human Specics; and, indeed, we fome-
times {ee the largeft Bodies and Heads have very litrle in them.
Nay, there is a Charadteriftick of Dullnefs fix'd upon particular
Nations ;. that of che Germans is grown Proverbial every where, and
if they arc more fupid, eheir Breed of Men, as well as Women, is
alfo larger than’ that of other Countries. — From all the
aforefaid Confiderations my Readers may expe& thac J} fhall be

{marcter than. béfore. ; a,
As to the hiftorical Pert of my Works, or what relates to News,

Iam fenfible ir will bear no Abridgment; for I have obferv’d, that
.Abridgments of Matters of Fact ever render Works imperfe& ; I
therefore refolve, that whatever Relations fall within my Province,
asa weekly Hiforian, to omit'no material Circumftance which may
ferve to elucidare.or clear up the Truth, or illuftrate the Story,
whether the Point of Hiftory be a Robbery, or fome barbarofs and
at

Wefminfter, or of a Felon at the Old Baily. ——— But when I come to

treat of the more profound and fecret Marcers of State, as Frauds,

Hocus Pocus, Legertemsin, Plots, &c. I flykll cake Care to make

my self well underftood.
/ [alto think fit to affare my Readers, that if the Princes of. Eu-

zope fhould hereafter go together by the Ears, anda War should hap-

MIST WEEKLY JOURNAL Sows

Satuapay, May f, 1725. _

pen to break ous, that when they come to A@tion, I will not thors
ten a Battle; I know the inacerial Gumour of my Conntrymien too,
well for that, and have ob:erv'd, with what jf’ Difdain they look
on thofe who fight a Chear, and hurry over the Weapons, cither at
Figa’s Amphitheatre, or that of Herkity in the Hole: I theretore pray
mife, thar whenever there is » Batele, to give my Readers fair plat
for their Money, and to vo quite thro’ the Frght to their entire

Satisfaftion.

Perhaps it may be objeftéd, that tho’ f may have Room for a
Skirmifh, } fhali never be able ro draw up.a great Army, and fight

a pitch’d Battle within the Compafs of t

is {mall Paper, but much

may be donc in a little by Difcipline and good Conduét; for by fre-

quenting the Play-Houfe, and obferving with how much Supple-

nefs and Dexterity of Limbs, Scaramouch, who is a clean well fHap‘d

Fellow, contra&s himfelf, and leffens his Appearance to half what

he really is, I have borrow'd a Hint, which miay prove of firgu-

lar Ufc to me under my prefent Circumftances ; whercas by draw-
°

ing my Lines a little c

cr, and fome other Arts, tho’ I may look

fomething Icfs to the Eye, yet when %2u come to examine me
clofe, you will find my Matter and Subffance to be much

the fame.

_I will not pretend to take to my felf the Invention of this inge-
nious Contrivance ; itis well known, that 4 famous Artift inferted
the whole -.ok of Pfalms in the Hair and Beard of a Piure of
King Charles the Firft, which Piture is fill to be feeh at Oxford.
I do not intend to draw my Lines altogether as clofe as that inge-
nious Gentleman has done ; for, [ confider, that the fineft Eyes in
Great Britain are {ometimes employ'd in perufing this Paper, and as
I intend to dedicate fome of my Labours particularly to the Ladies,
I fhall rake Care not to hurt their Sight; Ltherefore promife ro. ina

increafe upon any Hahds.

large my Quantity of Paper, every now and then, as I find Matter

Upon the whole, as I know it isin the Nature of Man to:be
gréedy of Knowledge, I fhall conceal nothing from my Readers,
which by good Intelligen-e comes to my Hands, fo that if I fhou’d

at any

ime be obliged to abridge my weckly Lubour, it fhall be

the Eflay, by which, as I-obferved before, I conceive the Diverfi-
on of my Readers will be rather improved than leffen’d.
For atl Produions of Wit have foniething in them of the Nature
of botcel’d Ale, that is a Kind of Froth or Scum, which being thrown
away, renders the Liquor which remains more palatable as well as

wholefome.

To conclude, I can’t hélp confeffing, that this A@ has téender‘d
me a little vain ; as it has made me a Perfon of more Confequence
to my Country, than many Thoufands who make a greater Figure
in the World ; before I was ufeful in employing the Poor, and now
T thall every Week add fomething to the Riches of the Commons
wealth. ~ Befides, fam confidering what a confiderable Fi-
gure we the Writers of this Age fhall hereatter make in Hiffory,
when it fhafl be faid of us, - That about the Beginning of the
eighteenth Centnry, the Wits were look'd upon to be fo wealthy a Body,
that they were obliged to pay a confiderable Sum towards difcharging @
beavy Debt, under awbich the Nation at that Time labour'd, —-—~ And all
that I'm in Pain about, is, leaft it fhould not be believ'd.

'P.S. Our laft Advices from the polite End of the Town,: con-
cerning the Aftairs of Gallantry, cell us, that Mother N———=<r7,
and Mother ¥————y are broke, and gone off; ———— but thar

Mother Heyd——ger ftill carries on a good comfortable Trade, the
having had a Ballam Rankum on 'Thurfday Night laff, ac yhfels

vo
aro
-

moft of her former Cuffomers were prefent, except fuch as Were a a
little out of Order fince her taft Paff-Tempe, monn And, it ia fad, ~~
the good old Gentlewoman, out of a tender Regard to her Childreny  ~

asalfo for che Encouragement of Sasket-making, intends

Office of Infiiragice on Nofes. ,
Price Two-Pence. °

to fet Span ---

co”

ad

f

Dd

aoe te

« ”
-. aan’

ee

“ ‘
 FOREIGN AFFAIRS.

The Time of the enfuing Council drawing near, the Pope held
a general Congregation ar the Vatican, where were prefent 31
Cardinals, and all the Bifhops, Abbots, &c. who came to affift at
the faid Counci}. He told them in a pathetick Speech, That he

had no Defign of making Innovations in the Church, burto fup-|

prefs fome Abufes crept in contrary to the Decrees of the Council
of Trent.. ‘The Council wus: to be open’d between Nine and Ten
the next Morning, after thefe Lecters came’ away; (viz. April 15,
N.S.) and all the Bifhops and other Eccleftafticks that had no
Call to be there, were order’d to their refpeGive Dioceffes and
Livings : “Tis talk’d of in that City, that the Courts of France and
Spain are come toa Reconciliation thro’ the Mediation of a cer-
tain Prince. The Letters from Petersburgh of April 11,
fpeak of the extraordinary Preparations making there for the
Duke of Holftcin’s Marriage, which is to be celebrated the 17th of
next Month. Several Councils have been held concerning the Af-
fair of ‘Thorn, and feveral Refolutions have been taken, the Troops
amounting to 30000 Men, are ordered to be in - readinefS to march
to the Frontiers of Poland upon the firft Warning, and they are
exercis'd almoft every Day, the. berrer to fit thei for the Service
they are going upon: At the fame Time fome ftrong Squadrons of
Men of War and Gallies are equipping at that Port and ac Revel ;
but all this is no more than what has been done for many Years,
both by the Army and Fleet of that Empire, without coming at all
to AGion, nor does the King of Poland on the other Hand feem ap-
srchenfive of the Matter, or to Appearance, give himfelf any Trou-

Je on Account of that Affair. They write from Stockholm,
that the Report fpread there, as if the Duke of Holftein would
immediately after his Marriage be declared Succeffor to the Ruf-
fian Monarchy, hath given no fimall Uneafinefs to ue Swedith
Court ; and that in Cafe this important News fhould prove true,
the faid Duke's Party would forfake him and pitch upon another
Succeffor to the Crown of Sweden, which might prove a fayoura-
ble Opportunity to the illuftrious Family of Gulderftern. —

By Letters from feveral Parts of this Kingdom and Ireland, we
have the following Accounts ;

From Dublin, that a great Number of Recruits for the feveral
Regiments on the Irith Eftablifhment, arrived there.
fine Market-Houfe is building, and in great Forwardnefs, in James-
Street, at the Expence of the City, for all Manner of Grain.
A Jarge Seizure of Tea, and other India Goods, has been lately
feiz'd at Fingall, and brought ro Dublin.

From Cork in Ireland, that 14 Perfons received Sentence of Death,
at the Affizes there, of which Number was one Parker, a Gentle-
man for the Murther of his Wife. ————Ar the Affizes at Mona-

han, a weak Part of the Town-Hall came down, which put the
‘olks into a great Confternation ; ‘and chey were oblig’d afterwards
to hold the Court in the open Street. |

From York, that a Man noted in that City for antick and odd
Tricks, (or, us we may better termit, for making a Fool of himfelf)
as he walk’d thro’ the Strects, was follow’d by a Company of Boys
hollowing and hooting at-him; whereupon he ftepp‘d into a Shoe-
maker’s Shop, catch’d up a Laft, and threw it amongft them, which
unfortunately hic one of the Boys upon the Head, and killed him.—
A large Sturgeon was taken up alive in the Riyer, which was
look’d upon as a great Rarity.

From Gloucefter, that a few Days ago one Farmer Bence was kill'd
by Lightning, with two of his Horfes, as he was at Plough, at the
Parith of Hawsbury Upton in thar County.

From Port(mouth, that onc Oglander, an Attorney at Newport in
the Ifle of Wight, hang'd himfelf, as did alfo one Mr. Shore, at
Chichetter ; the latter left a Letter of good Advice to his Children
bebind him.

From Nerwich, that a young Gentleman was kill'd by a Care
overturning, without Bennet's Gates. An old Maid aged 80,
who ufed to beg for her Living, diced near that City, and left a con-
fiderable Sum of Money to her Heir.

From Maidfone, that nine Felons were condufted from their Goal
-  Gravelend, in order to join the Convoy from London, bound
ona Voyage to his Majefty's Plantations,

‘Way.

From Noftingbam, that my Lord Cadogan’s Regiment, which
arrived there fome Days beforc, was march’‘d thence for Perth, in
Scotland. ‘ oe )

From Oxford, that the publick A& will be held there the begir~
ning of July. ae

Search is ftill making for more Coiners; there are 27 impeached,
and, “tis faid, that there are fome of rhe greareit Artifts among
them that ever follow’d that Pradtice ; They counterfeit forcign
Coin as well as that of our own Nution, in a Manner that it is very
hard te diftinguifh it from the true ; and, we are told, that che
principal Engine they work with, weighs 800 Weighr.

On Monday laft a poor Woman in Drury-Line, going into a
Neighbour’s Houfe, took up a Bottle, in which wis a chymical Pre-
paration, which fhe finding palatable, drank a hearty Glafs off, and.

ave the reft to her two little Children ; upon which the unhappy
other and one Child died the fame Day, and the orher’s Life is
nor expefted.

The Deaths of remarkable Perfors fince our laft, in and about
London, are Samuel Hunter, Efq; formerly a Commiffioner of the
Navy at Dulwich. The Lady Bedinfield at Kew Green in
Surrey: The Mate of the Triumph, ndw in the River, bound
for Lisbon, fhot himfelf thro’ the Head with a Piftol. Mr.
Robert Elfrith, Mate of the Mary and Johanna, in turning down
the River for Rotterdam, on Tueflay laft, had his Brains bear out
accidentally by a Block. —-——~ Mr. Hutton, an Attorney ac the
Exchequer-Office in the Temple, dy’d fuddenly of an Apople&ick
Fit. —~ Mr. Theophilus Fortefcue, Brother to the Lord Clinton;
dy’d of the Small-Pox at Earon. A Gentlewoman’s Fuorman
of Northamptonfhire having mer with good Entertainment at Green-

wich, where his Miftrefs went to vific fome Relations, in coming to
Town fell feveral times from behind the Coach, and dy'd of the

Bruifes.

General Wade is appointed Commander in Chief of the Forces
in Scotland, Major General Syburgh, Governor of Fort William,
Colonel Clayton, Governor of Invernefs, and Colonel Spotfwoud,
Quarter-Mafter General, in the faid Part of the Kingdom.
Dr. Lockyer is conftituted Dean of Peterborough. The Rev. Mr.
Warburton is prefented to the Re&tory of St. Peter’s in Nottingham ;

Althe Rev. Mr. Badger to the Vicarage of Coldafhton, alias Afhton

Blank, in Gloucefterthire.

Mr MIS,

HE A& fately paffed for regulating our City, being ftill the

Subje&, of Converfation that imploys our Coftec-Houfe Politi-
cians, I fhall rake a fpeedy Opportunity of publifhing to the World,’
the crue State of thar important Affair, as it appears to me, and
don’t doubr but to give ‘general Satisfa€tion to all my fellow Citi-
ZENS. Tam, SIR, Your Friend and Servant,

A Livery-Man of the

April 29, 1725 Waxchandlers Company,

An odd kind ofa Fellow was brought to Greenwich this Week, ta~
ken on Black-Heath by fome Gentlemen, for a Highwayman ; a Wo-
man fwore againft him, viz. That dhe faw him ftopa Man, and take
Money from him. When he was fearch’d there was found upos
him a Piftol loaded tothe Muzzle with Powder, but no Shot; he
was mounted upon a poor fcrub Jade, with one Spur, and but 7 Pence
in his Pocker, no terrible Countenance ; and what's moft remark-
able, he doth not feem to know who he is himfelf.

Letters from Antegoa advife, that on the ath of January at Night,
they felr a Shock of un Earthquake there, which lafted two Mi-.
nutes, buc did no Damage, . .
.The Duke of Richmond lies ill of rhe Small-Pox in the natural

The Princefs Louifa, not half a Year old, bas been
inoculated for the fame Diftemper. Rt

On Wednefday the Report of the Malefa&tors under Sentence of
Death in Newgate, was made to his Majefty in Cottncil at Sc. James's,
and the eight following were ordered for Execution on Friday, viz.
Mary Hanfon for the Murther of her Brother-in-Law ; William
Eaton, for a Street Robbery ; Vincent Davies, for the Murther of
his Wife ;-James’'Camell and William Marfhal, two Foot-Pads, for

 >

ithe Highway; Brian Smith, Baron Swatfo’s Man, convied upon |
the lure A& againtt the Waltham Blacks, for fending a Leccer une:

der a fictitious Naine, to his faid Multer, to excore Money from

Yau Duy is pubdlithed,
*e" The TRANSACTION >» uf tins several COURTS of BULOPE, in the
Monthef Yebrusy  Prated in French and Engtifh in Columns, oppofte te ciciz.
other, Wieneoy fiicn Eugith Gentiemen as are learning Frenco wiil uéatib:y . rive

aC uu Cullpeeenc Anow. cuge in Chat Language, and Forcgeers whe underftand French
will cay nase Bug'ith familiar to tuem. To be continued Monthly. Price 1s. 6d.
Printed ror J. Kuberts in Warwick-Lane: N. B. ‘Lhe stonth of Atarcs is in the Preis,
and wilt be publutked in a fhurt Time.
jut pudliined the &cond Edition, with Additicns, cf
“a, The Madnets of Difafectioa acd ‘Creafua again the prefent Gevernsrent. by
GOLLY? FE, A.A. Miniter of Wendover and Great Kambel, in the Cuunty of
Bucks. Sold by J. Downing in Bartholomew-Clofe 5 J. Anavton, aad x. kobinie:
1 St. Paul's Church -Yard ; J. Brotherton at the Bible in Cornhith, J. Clark. sd
R. Het, at the Bible and Crown; and S. Chandler at the Crofs-a eys in the voaliry ;
. Batley at the Dove in Pater-Noit-r-Row; J. Pemberton at the cuck ia Fictt-
rect; and C. King in Weftnunfter-Hobh Price hound 3s. 6d.
T HE Perfon woo advertifes himfe.f for a Ganpantou for a Gent'eman, isdeZr'd to
give fone Account of bimfelt in a Letter to Mr. Daws, in Ply-nouth, whether
| he has been bred to learning, or Can Ipeak Latin, can write well am! cypier, or wie
i ther bred to ony Bufinefs or Profeifion, what he underftands, what he has an Enight
iNto, aad 15 capable of doing, or plays mafterly on any Avutick, what Age he is, if
willing to live in the Country, and what are his Terms; aito whether he bas Lived
inany good Families, and cin be recommended asa fobder, regwar Prion, aad aW
to direce to him.

in; “and threatning, in Cafe of Refulal, to kill him; or, cf chat

fail'd, tofer Fire to ins Courtry Seat; John Guy, alfo for feloni-
oufly hunting and killing fallow Deer, in an incioled Pack; and
"Vhomas Lloy’d, for Burglary ; The rett were repriey'd.

The two Eoor-Puds and Swaftu’s Man, went to Tyburn in their
Shrowds ; and the latter, when they were going to be ty’d up, flapp'd
his Head out of the Halter, leap'd out of the Cart among che Mob,
and began to tear off his Shrowd; bur his Hands were ty‘d, ant he
could do but little at it: Jack Ketch Jeap’d upon his Back, and che

. Sheriffs Officers furrounded him, fo that he was fon takea, re-
» halrer’d, and hang’d.
Laft Week Dr. James Jurin, Secretary und Fellow of rhe Roy-
‘ al Society, and Dr. Oldtield, Son of the Divine of rhac Name,
were cleéted Phyficians ; and Mr. Andrew Cooper, of Rotherhith,
and Mr. Croft, Surgeons to the Hofpiral of Incurables in south-
wark, founded by the late Mr. Guy, the rich Bookieller.

uft publifhed, the fe¢ond Edition, of ,
*," A VIEW. of LONDON ant WESTMEINSTEX ; or, the TO'WN-SPY :
Containing a diverting Account of the Humours of tiicHalt:, ay Officers, and the

The Honourable Richard Edgecomb, Efg; the Righr Honourable Guards, &c. at St. Margaret’s in Weltminfter ; of the Qnality, and their Servants, 2t
St. James's. Of theHngonots, &e. at St. Anne Sodo. furprizing Story o° a Miftr

¢ i t wiyd, i "MRwmMenr, ar . : aie
Earl of Anglefea, Colo rol Handafy dy Me i ber of rar . . it fi re. at St. Giles’s in the Fields; witha Deftription of that Parifh and Lrury-Lane. Ke-
gone this Week to Trelan » the former ochonging to the f rcatury | markable Practices of the Iriih Socicty of Fortune-Hunters at St. Pauls Covente
there > the latrer having iL Regiment, and his Lordfhi pan Eftute In Garden, recomunended to all the Boarding Schuols, &e, in Great Fritain. Practices
that Kingdom. The Earl of Oxford is gone from his Seat at Wel-| ot the Company of Upholders at St. Mary le Savoy. Of the Lawyers of St. Clement

ROOT , , . Danes, and St. Dunftan’s in the Weft. Of the Ladics at St. Andrew's Ho‘born.
We hear thar one Henry Brown of Feltum near Hounflow, who

gether with the diffcrent Cuftoms, &c. Of the Inhabitants of moft of che Parift.ea
work’d lately as Carpenter ar the Admiralty-Otice, hath newly got

and Beneht of thofe who may mect with the like Affliftion: The faid Mrs-Cater fil. .
lives in Caftle-Court, Birchin-I.ane, at the Sign ofthe Hand and Eye.

Note, She cues without any Inftitument; and fhe infallibly cues the Aguc, with-
out the leaft Grain of Cortex, or that they call the Jefuits Bark. Price five Shillings
the Vial. No Letters reecived except Poft paid. oo

INCTURA NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordial Tincture f-r the Nerves,
being an approved, experienced and never-aling Medicament in finking, lan-
guilhing, and lownefs of Spirits, Palpitation, or Trenibling of the Heart, in ail para-"
litick, foporofe and convulfive Diftempers, and iu_all Affictions of the Head anJ
Nerves ; it infallibly prevents the had Effects of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which
occafions in moft Peaple the aliove-mention’d Diforders (with many more, wiich youth

in London. ‘The prefent State of Cuckoldom, and a Chataéter of the City Wives.
, . By aFOREIGNER. Sold by T. Warner, at the Black Boy in Pater-Nofter-Kov,
! an Eftate of 1g000 1. in Money, and 3ool. per Annum in Devon-| and by the Bookfellers of London and Weftminfter. Price onic Shilling,
fhire, by the Death of an Uncle, andis going down thither very (jAMALIEL VOICE, in Whalcbone-Comt, at the lower End of Bartholomew:
. teh { j X17 Lane, Lothbury, near the Royal-Exchange, fetreth in ARTIFICIAL TEETH
foon, to take Pot Cion OF it. acl in the moftexast Manner, which, are { fitced and fet in, that they may be taken
Nexe Thuriday comes onthe Tryal of Thomas Earl of Mace St out and put in again by rhe Perions themfelves, and are not to be difcerned trom the
field, at the Bar of the Houfe of Lords. His Lordthip, in his An-| Natural; they net only preferve the Speech, but alfo preferve the Treth next to -
het ae “el leads the B Ge of the late A& of Grace them from loofening or tailing ont; hut tho’ who have Stumps to fet them on,
fwér tothe Articles, pleads the Benelic o RIC A ~ . , | may, with the greateft Security, depend “upon it, that they will anfwer the Ends of -
for as many of the Fats as can be comprehended within the faid{ nacural ‘Teeth. | |
A&, which will fhorten the Proceedings. ‘Fhe -Managers again{t{ NB. He fcllsand mends Watches of all Serts.. .
my Lord, we hear, are the Sollicitor General, Ser geant Pingelly, | H® famous gan oF US Me ee he Gare ofthe Venereal
Mr. Lutwyche, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Onflow, Mr. Sucll, &c-} | Difeafe, thar not one of the great Numbers that daily take it mifs ota per ect
The Attorney Generaldefir'd to be excus'd, for fome particular Ob- | Cure; and tho’ fo very cheap as 2s. 6d. cach, yet rour Botufics sever fail to root
ligations he had to his Lord hip gut and carry off the moft malignant, Nirulent and olitinate kind of tbe ener Lele
: ° . calc, without Confinement, ev making your Cait known to anys; which, it it fai‘s to
Laft Week there was a Caufe try'd in the Court of Chancery, do, the Mone he returned, This. great Medicine likewile deftroys Mercury, and car-

. . ; : , sor | Ties it out o 5 8 eby relieves thofe untortunate Perfons who bave
between his Majefty and the Archbifhop of Canter bury. The Point failen into had Hands i former Cures Is to be had only +t the Flaming Sword the
in difpuce was, as we apprehend it, whether a Gentleman prefenzed } Comer of Ruftel-Streer, over-againit Will's Coffec-Howe, Covent-Garden ; and if fold
by his Majefty to a fecoud Living, was qualify’d for a Difpenfarion } at anyones Place is onneenelt Admirable Flee | .

. } : : ‘winity ° i BY Leétuarium Mirabile: the Admirable Electuary; which infallibly enres afl
by having taken his Degree as Barchellor in Divinity 3 and it was E Degrees and Symptoms of the Seeree Difeafe, with more Eafe, Speed andi Safe-
dcetermin‘d in Favour o the faid Gentleman. . . ., | ty, than any Medicine yet publithed ; any old Kunning, &c. though of {evera! Years

The Lord Mayor of this City was lately married to Mrs. Mid- | ftanding, whether occa‘ion'd by an over-ftrain, Weaknels of the Seminals, or ine Re-
ford, Mother of Mr. Midford the Banker. licts_o a nonper Invection, is certainly cured ina fret Tire, without a Minute’
7 confinement, Sufpicion, ort cof ringents; being a icine ‘fo wondersu'l
On Thurfday laft two Men were committed to Newgate by Ju-| pleafant, and cafy in its Operation, chat. the nicctt Palate, or Weakest Conftitation,
tice Blaney, being charged with feveral Robberies on the Highway, | may fake it To be bad ony oF She ka eae ey, fudicient fo « ompieat a Cure ity
. * ” rt ’ ate ‘t} }
South-Sea Stock is 121, 5 8ths, Bank 132, 3 qrs. India 151, 1 | oubiimd it 20 Years, and is conftantly to be advifed with at his Houfe at the Colder
half. African 11, 1 qr. liand Lamp, in Bow Chureh-Yard in Cheapfide, at half'a Guinea the Pot.
: ADVERTISEMENTS. ] HENRY COX, living next Door to the Sign of rhe Falcon, a-
) To be fold, bainft the Vine Tayern in Holborn, having, by a great Colds
‘A T_the Coach and Horfes-Yard in Caftle-Street, near Leicefter-Square, a light which fell into my Eyes, loft my Sight, infomucn that I did ne-
Chariot, and a pair of Harnefs, fic for Town or Country ; anda one Horie | © Yer expect I rhould ever be brought to {te again, but happily was
Chair, and a Harnefs to it, both little the worfe fur Ware : Anguire for Mr. Wal- advifed fo make Ulc of Urs, Cater, ee Pinger set fit ae fo ve Ro inal ;
y j ay know further. miort, told me f was cura allo mn ame IM as tno
ker, on the lett Hand Side of This Davis publined, yene a a Time as could be expected ; and this [ da for no other Intent, but for the Good
*," A Collection of Sermons by Mr. Jeremy Collyer, and are ready to be deli-
vered to the Subfcribers, by Mr. Bowyer, Printer, in White-Fryars; and by Mr.
Smith at the Beil, the Corner of Lamb’s-Conduit-Paffage, in Red-Lion-Srreet,
» F1LG100IN,
Where may be had, The Author's Ecclefiaftical Hiftory, and the Appendix to

Morery’s Diétionary.

Lost about Noon on Monday laft between the Poultry and Wapping, a Tor-
3_, toife-fhell Snuft-Box, % Cat, a Kat, and fome finail Fowls reprefented on the
Lid; onthe Reverfe, a Dove with a Lautel Branch in her Mouth, being all inlaid
and ftudded with Gold, a Piece of the Rimon the Bottom worn off, full of Burga-

mot Snuff: Whoever.brings it to William Mofindew, Bell-Man, near the Gun fee at large in the printed Rook of DireAlions) but yet by taking a few Drops of this
vern Wapping, fhall have a Guinea Reward. . moft pica ant delicate Cordial, in the firft Difh of Coffee or Tea, you may then drink
ed about twenty three Years, of a fair Complecti-j ar Liberty ; for his great Medicine penetrates through the whole nervous Syfeir,

WHE EAS George Prefton, age C f
on, and wears a very light Wig, a blue livery Coat lined with Scarlet, anda
blue frized wide Coar, took away From Fowke Hufley, of Little Wyrley, in the
County of Stafford, EL ; on the twentieth of Aprilat Night, the Sum of four Pound
ten Shillings in Money, anda Jarge black Mare, full, aged fixtcen Hand; high, with

a Blaze down her Face, two white Fect behind, a.grizz ed Mane and Tail, with 2{ Thoughts, Twipchings of the Legs and Arms, difturbed Sleep, and all the difmal
larger Belly than ordinary: If therefore any one will difcover the faid George Pre-| Train of Vapours and Melancholy. It likewife ftops Vomiting, pnts uff Nanfort
fton, fo as he may be apprehended, and will give Notice of him to the faid Fowke nef—S, procures a good Appetite, and is now in great Efteem amongft Qualit y of the
Hufley 5 or whoever fhall apprehend the fai George Prefton, fo that he may be ffirft Rank. Soldonly at Mr. G. Strahan’s, Bookiélier, at the Gatden Ratt int Cornhi! ,
brought to Juftice, fhall receive of the faid Fowke Huffey a handfome Reward. over-againk the Royal-Excuange, and at none other Place. Pricezs. 6d

and fo reemits the Brain and Priecordia with a full Influx of esulting Spirits, whied
perform the Rufinefs of vital Funétion with frefh Alacrity, and new Brisknefs, fo
that the Pulfe, which lay fecble and wavering, now falls a beating vigoruuily, a-¢
with great Exactnefs; morcaver, it wonderfully difverfts Fear, Sainefs, con utd
 Ses | “Phis Day is pudlifhd, .

*,* An hiftorical Effay on the legilative Power of England; «bercin thp Origin
of both Houfes of Parliament, their ancient Cuntticution, and the Changes that have
happened in the Perfons that conpofed them, with tke Occafions Uwicof, are r¢la-
ted. in a chronological Order 5 and many. ‘T hings.concerning the Engliih Goverument,
- the Antiquities uf the Laws of England, and tue feudal Law are ceca: onally illuttra-
ted anu explained. uy George St. Amand or the Inner-Tenple, Efg,; Prmted for
TH > WOODWARD at the Hah-town aver-againit St. Dunftan’s Church in
Flect-Street, and fold by J. STAGG in Weftminiter-Hall,

, | _ Wheremayte had, .

I. A Collection ot Detates of the Houle of Commons, in the Year 1680, relatin
‘o tae Bill of Exclufion of the Duke of York. Containing the Speeches of the Lor
uftel, sir Henry Cavel, Sir fx. Winnington, Ral. Montague, Efg; Henry Booth,
Fg, Su Gilb .ervard, Sir Lion. Jenkins, Sir Tuo. Player, Sir Rich. Graham, Sir
% ilham Poultney, Daniel Finch, Efq; Hugh Boraven, Eig; John Trenchard, Efq;
toon Ham} ‘ca, Fg, Sir Roger Hill, fir Wills a Jones, Str Kiehard Alafon, Lau-
mee Hide, Fig; Col. Legg, Edw. Devsing, Efg; Col. Birch, with many more ; and
2 foitet th: Ateabers that campoftd that Houte. To which is added, the Rebates
eo tas plow of Commons atfembied. at Oxford, iflarch 1, r6re. Asalfo an [ntro-
ween, fhew.ag the Progrefs of Popery, tron the Reformation to the prefent Time.

:f. 2% ccumpleat Set of Bibliotheca Literaria ; containing « Coticction of Inftrip-
tec. Meals, Ciflertations, &e. ee

i:. “Lhe Uiftury of the ancient and modern State of the Principality of Wales,
butehy oY Cor: sil, and Earldom of Chefter. By Sir John Doderidge, Kr.

1S. Dr. Figde <’s View and Vetence of the English Conftitution.

V. ‘she Cate of treland’s being bound by Act of Parliament in England, ftated by
Willia :: Molyneux of Dublin, Efq,

The fam'’d PURTFYING SPIRIT. ; ;
1 Hersts great Numbers of Men, Women and Children are afflifted, fome of ’em
continually, and others only Spring and Fall, or at other Scafons, with Brea-

kirgs out in divers Parts, and fume all over the Body, cither with Morphew, Scurf,
Scaus or Sores, Tetters, [tesings, Pimples, Blotches, Leprofics, {eald -Aeads, other
Dehlements of the * kin, in fome to canf red Faces, red Nofes; others fore Eyes,
hery Blotches, Ulcers, Fiftulas, &c. preceeding either from fharp Humours, Scurvy,
King’s Evil, or any other Cafes in the Blood, and know not when to get a perfect
Remedy 5 having try’d Purging, Vomitings, Sweatings, Blecdings, Blifterings, Cup-
pings, Salivations, 1ffues, Diet-Drinks, &e. and outwardly ufed Wathes, Mathings,
Angintings, kc. and that probably for many Years together, to little more than. pal-
Thating the Diftafe. This plealant chysnical Spirit, caken but three times a Day for
a litcl: while together, (that neither confines, or in thy .caft diforders the Body) infal-
libly cures, and renders the Blood and Skin incompaiably pure and clean, be the Di-
fem rofever fu long ftanding, ever {0 flubborn, cr even hereditary. . fs

I. ’
lings a Bottle, with Directions, .

ASsHORT aniinfallible Cure for the Itch orany itching Humour, or feorbutick

Breaking out whatfoever, tho’ it be never fo bad or of never fo long ftanding, by
a fpeciick Eleétuary, partic ::arly adpted for that Purpofe, and many Years expe-
rienced: It is the maf : A
fome Diftemper, and the Scurvy: For in two or three tines taking, it certainly clean-
fes and rectifies the Blood and Juices to Admit :tion,. fees them fro
Impurities, and abfututely ftrikes a. the very vot of the Itehor other {corbutick

Breakings out fo as infalhbly te accomplith a Cure in twa or three Days, toa Mira-

cle, and that with the greateft Eafe and Safety imaginable, without the léeaft Trou-

bie or Confinement. Is fold only (fince Mrs. Bradbury left off Shopkeeping) by M r
eet,

Sanders, Haberdather of Small Wares, et the Blue Bull Toythep in Fenchurch-
Near Aldgate, at 3s. a Pox, with Directions.

IVIFYING DROPS for BARRENNESS in Women, and Imbeeillity in

Men, whieh renovate the vitai Fernwent of tha Blood, rectify the Linguid State

of all the Fluids, roufe, fortify, and iacreafe the Sririts, inv! orate the Nerves, re-

ftore Juvenile Warmth, andcaufe a foarkling-Glarict& and erdent Courage to flow in

the Heart, and expand it lf through the whole human Syftein, foas a

camping the noble Faculties, “xtingy::i: in a great’ sate .ne Linp of Life, and
eau: Barrennefs ant Imbecillicy.
Parts of Generativ:, effectually :
fick in a wonderful manner, as Thoufands have experienced. And nor fold only at
Mr. Radford's Toyfhop, at the “ofe and Crown, againft st. Clemext’s Church-Yard
42 the Strand, near Arundel-ftreet End, Price ys. the Buttle, with !irections,

ULAPTUM ASTHMATICUM, or'the Afthmatick Jule, which is known by
ary Experience to be a never-failinz Medicine in cl. obftinate Aifthma’s,
whole fuffocatirg
ing laborious Coughs,
mcf exccllent “.cmedy for Shortnefs of Breach upen any Motion,
with Ditheulty, Straightnef oi’ the Breaft, with Ho: :fref ant Wheezing. Nothi
exceeds this almirable Jutep, for by opening the Prouchial Duéts and Penumomice
Paffages ; it penctrates in the iamoft R ce
tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Phiegm, fo atten>.:tes, divides, moves and works it,
thot by coughing and fitting ic expeét: rates’ and chrows wp all fiich Matter with che
grearett Eafe and Peafure, thereby cleanting and freeing the Breaft and Lungs, when
uffe! up and clogged with a heavy Load, and

the Lings &e. Note, Itisa fa ¢ and pleafant
vecording to the printed Dire¢tions, without
© tching Cold To be had at Air. Geoge Strahan’s at rhe Golden-Iall over-againgt
tuc Royal-Exchange, Corntil, and at no other Place. Price 25 6d,

Juft publithed new Editions of the following Books.
W Account of the PLACE where the Nightingale
A Cuckaw, Fieldfare, Woedeock, and other Birds of age Go
and Refi's, when Atfent fromus. (A Curious Treatife.) Alfo the
GOUT, tie Weaknefs, and Secrec Patient’s DIARIES. Seing
:¥ vA tach a Practical Journal from Day to Day whilft a Perfon has the
4 It fay Seerer Difatey, era GLBET, or the GOUT, or Rheumatifm up-
pe enctiem Theft Bouks are all GIVEN GRATIS Up One Pair of
Stars at the Celebrated Anodyne NECKLACE, Recommended
by Dr. Cisrberlen For Children’s ‘feeth without Temple-Bar. At Mr. Jeremiah
Piin's Yow ia Pon's Head-Atiy in Comhill, right over-againft the Royal-Ex-
change. And by Ry Var. cuitey (tic Luthor's Servant) againft Sutton-Street End by

=. oo
Dred SLATS,

eitit putse.T ina Moment ; it gives a perfect Relief in ftrain-

and in Breathing

Medicine ; to be taken by Spoonfuls

Swallow,

ay)
a
yet

LONDON: Printed by N.

fold only at
rouch's, Ruokfilcr, at the Bell in Pater-Nofter-Row, Cheapfide, for five Shil-

wonderful Secret in the Worid for the Cure of that trouble-

m all neuwnner of

ny uredly to
eure all Indifpefition, that by tinding Gown the Spirit., deorefling the Mind, and

rey poveatly ftiengthe:n and corroborate the
romote Conception, and: render both Sexes proli-

that arcur.mercifully tromblefonie Night and Morning ; ’tis-a

of the Lungs, and there mecting with

f» prevents Confimptions, Ulcers of

the leaft Confinement, or Danger of

Tits Day is publiffed, |

*.* An ESSAY upon the Trutn of tie Canitian Religion: Wherein its real
Fonndatica upon the Old Tettament is thewn ; vccafioned by the Difeuurte of Lae
Grounds and icafons of the Chrftian Keligions By Arthur Afbicy Sy-es, WL. A,
Rector of Rayleigh in Effex. Printed for James and Jonn Knapton, at the Ctows
in ot. Paul’s Church Yard. here may be iad, 7
Myr. syke’s Sermon, January 25, 1724, before the Geitlemen educated at St:

Paul’s Sciiogl. Oy oo. ae

The Lord. Bifhop of Coventry’s Defence of Chriftianity, the ad Edirion, in Anfwer
tu the Grounds and Keafons, &c. .

His Lordthip’s Sermon betore the Socicties for Keformation of Manners, January
4a Stun. Clark’s Connexion of the Prophecies in the Old Teftament, and the Appli-
cation of them to Chrift, the third Edition.

Mr, Lavington's Nacure and Ufe o. a Type. And, a

Nir. Benj. Marthall’s Chronological Treatift on the 7¢ Wecks of Daniel, in Anfwer
to the Grounds and Reafons, &e. |

The chymical Liquor for the Hair,

Wiis gradually changes red, grey, or Hair of any other difagrceable Colour, whe-

ther of the Head or E)e-brows, into any Degree of a Brown, or, by obfrving:
the Directions given with each Kottle, inte t.e moit beautitul Biack in Nature, that
neither Time nor Weather can alter; for the Colour Will for ever remain as lively
us if it naturally grew fo. It has, with a general Satislagtion to the World, been fold
this ten Years by Mr. Lockton, only, at the uriffin, the Corner of Biucker’s-Bury, in
the Poultry, where a Lock of Hair may be feen that was ftain'd with it betore It was
firft expos'd to fale. Price halt a Guinea a Bottle. If it does not prove infallibie, re-
turn the Liquor, andthe Money fhall be repuid. Where is alfo jold, The fovercign
Secret for diffolving the STONE, and expelling the GRAVEL, beg an approved
Specifick, w th ample Directions, Price .s. 6d. a Hottle,

HE famous PLAISTER for ¢:.c Stomach, which infallibly cures all Sorts of

A gues in zg Hows time, without a7 opher Phyuck, as bas been happily expe-
rienced by many Thoufands in this publick Wi: of Sale ior above thefe ten Ycars
aft, and is now efteemed and recommended by the moft knowing Phyficians, as the
Beit and mott infallible Remedy fr c.ring Agues, that ever was found out, it not
having been {- mucn as once kniowie to fails cecit of the Agues that were cured tor
fome Years paft, fo as not to return agair:, were cured Ly it. Is fold only at W.
Bells, 2 Booktellers, at the Crofs-Keys and Bible in Cornhill, near Scocks-Market,
at 25.6d. the Gallipot, witu Dircsiuins. At the fame Plice is alfo fold the molt
excellent Piaifter for Corns, being the only intallible one in the World for giving Eafe
and taking them quite away without Trouble, as Thoutinds have experiencel Price

1%. a Box, with Directions,
All Sorts of RUPTURES, —

URSTEN or broken Bellies, Perfectly cur'd by the Bleffing of God, either on

old or young, in a very little ‘Time, and for a finail Charge, by two Medicines to
be externa.ly nied, without anyPainto, or Confincment. of, the Patient. Thef: two
Kemedies need no other Recommendation than themfcives will manifeft in two-«or
three Days wing, brving, by their ad:mirable and even aftonithing Succef, gain'd the
Reputdtion they juftly deferve both in City and Country, tor above thefe twenty
Years laft paft, atter wearing Trufles for many Years, to no Purpoft: Many Hun-
dreds of all Ages and sexes bave been cur’d by them, which occafioned this Publica-
tion, for the Good of the Publick, thar all such unhappy People may be delivered -
from the Charge and Slavery of always wearing Trufies. They are {eal’d up, at $ Se
the Parcel, whichis generally fufficient for a compleat Cure, efpecially on a young
Perfon, and is now ({ince Mrs. Bradbury let off Shopkecping) fold only by Mr. San-
ders, Haberdafier of Small Wares, at the Blue-Ball Toythop in Fenchurch-Street
near Aldgate, N.B. It is by the Uf of an eafy Truths, Ke. t iat thofe two externa
Medicines are applied to the Part affected, till the Cure is perfected, as will be fen by
the Direations at large given with thein.

UPTURES cur'd of all forts (if curable) whether on the Navel, Cod,

or Gruin, &c. where you may-have anew invented Trufs, that is ligh-

ter, eafier and more certain in keeping up the falling down Part, thanany
hithertoknown. {[t hath no troublefome Iron Hoop about the Watt, as the
-* Pretenders make them, nor any troublefoine Straps to go between the
. Legs, as others have ; but_ic Is a certain Cure for all reducible Ruptures.

Perfons old or young, or either Sex, may wear them with the leaft ‘Tron-
ble of any yet known. Made only by the Inventer, A. Harman, Surgeon, at the
Golden-Baili and Acorn in Colchefter-Street, White-Chapple. Note, whereas fome
have pretended to vend my new invented ‘Trufles ; to prevent People’s being abus'
I declare they ure all not only ignorant of che Invention, but of the Method of Cure.
Note, His Namc is ftampt on them, to prevent C.unterfeits,

TEEL Spring or jointed Truffes for the Cure of ? uptures, eafy to
S new born Infants, and effectual to the Aged; alfo ‘Spring Tie
without Stecl Circumference, of an entire new Invention, extraordinary
ealy.as well as-ufefiul; alfo Bag Truffes for fix’d Tuners, Perfons in the
Country fending their Bignels, and which Side the Rupture is, may be
firpplied with the Truffes and proper Directions, By Peter Rartlett, at
the Golden-Ball in Sc. Paul’s Church-Yard, near Cheapfide, London, who
. alto makes divers Inftruments to help the Weak and Lame.

His Mother, Mrs. M. Bartlet, at the Golden-Ball over-againft St. Bride’s-Lane, in’
Ficet-Street, is skilful in this Bufinefs to her own Sex. Her Steel Spring Truffes for
Ruptures at the Navel, are exceedingly light, eafy and eflectual.

T the HUNGARY WATER WAREHOUSE, at the Black
A Boy and Comb, @ Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage-Inn
} on Ludgate-Hill, js fold right French ea ngaTy Water, in large half

red # Pint flint Botties, being the fame Sort fold at the fai Place ijeveral
eee |) Years paft, or rather better, being a freth Pareel, and diftingnithes it
{’ A {| Slt from the pernicious counterfeit Sort fold about the Town ; firft,
-Mos.4|| by its fine Flavour; fecondly, by its turning Water as white as Milk, —
arsemaens and if you fet a Spoontil on Wire with a lighted Paper, it will burn

ry, whereas the counterfeit Sort has none of thefe Qualities, by reafon the Mate-
rials-in France are much better than in theft Northern Climates: Moreover, the true
French is always at the fame Place, and no where elfe 5 and the Counterfeit is firt put
to one Shopto fell, but as foon asit is found ont, itisremoved, and fold at another,
with a freth Advertifement, of a Parcel jwit arrived from Montpelier.

N.B, Beware of Counterfeits.

MIST, 11 Great-Carter-Lane,
 WEEKLY JOURNAL, 1m

Saturpay, May 1, 1926. |

Le pant ee eae

-ypen to break our, that when they comic :to A@ion, I will ndr-fhors |
ten a Battle ; T know the material Humour of my Countrymeh too
well for that, and have oblerv’d, with wliar jut Liflain they lock
on thofe who frght a Cheat, and hurry over tle Weupons, cicther at
Fige’s Amphitheatre, or that of Hockley in the Hofe: U therctore pros,
mife, that whenever there is a Battle, to give my Readers fair play
for their Money, and to go quite thro’ the Fight to their entire
Satisfattion. | |

Perhaps it may be objeéted, that tho’ I may have Rodm for a
Skirmih, 1 fhall never be «ble to draw up a great Army, and fight

}S all Men, who have any Thing to do with the Pub-
lick, fhould render a ftri& Account of their Ations,
I therefore, in my laft, gave rhe Reafons why I was
obliged to alter the Form and Price of my Journal.
Since therefore it‘ has pleafed the Wifdom of the
=——— Lepiflaiure to think, that a confiderable Sum of ‘Mo-
y may be raifed towards paying the Debts of the Nation, by this
pper ; I, as a true Briton, and guod Proteftant, being defirous to cafe
y Fellow Subjects of rhe Burden of fome of their Taxes, by thefe
vy Labours, am refulved, ‘henceforth, to-exerc my felf in a more
an ordinary Manner, towards making this Paper more diverting,
ell as inftruQive, than heretofore, that, by the Sale it may an-
er all rhe Purpofes defign’d, that no Deficienc:es may be here-
er found in the Supplies granted for the Year feventreen hundred
renty five ; and that, at next Seffions of Parliament, the Tax on
ap, Candles, Leather, or fome other Manufagture, which deferves
iesuragement more than the.Paper Trade, may be taken off, to
great Eafe of the middling and poorer Sort of ‘People.
Yet I can’t ‘help obferving, that while I look on my flf in this
w Drefs, the Gracefulnefs of my Figure {cems to fuffer fome Di-
nution frem the:Change : Methinks I look like fome veteran Sol-.
ar, who, by the Misfortunes of War, had loft a Leg and an Arm
the Service of :his Country. —-— Yet I comfort my felf with this
fleGtion, that tho’ this Mutilation impairs the Beauty of fuch,
2y are look'd upen with the more Refpe&. Upon which Confi-
ration I am refolyed, that if, for the Good of my Country, it
ould be refolved, by any furure A&, to cur me off another Limb,
oblige me to appear in half the Quantity of Paper in which I
h now feen, I fhall not quit the Field ; nay, tho’ I fhould be re-
ced at laft, like the valiant Widdrington of old, to fight upon my.
J @utter my felf upon the whole, that my Readers wilt not fiiffer
‘their Diverfions, by this new Regulation ; fer in my initid! Ef-
ys, I fhall now lie under a Necellity of avoiding Prolixity, -a Fault
hich has {poil’d the beft Produdtions of rhe Pen, and-which’ we
-warn’d by the Criticks, above all others, to beware of.—Nay, | on of my Readers will- be rather improved than leffen’d. —
is obferv'd by Philofophers, as well as Criticks, thae all Things| For all Produ@ions of Wit have fomething in them of che Nature
hich are finall, whether Animals or Vegetables, are more perfett | of botrel’d Ale, that is a Kind of Froth or Scum, whick being thrown
their Kinds,.than thofe of a larger Growth; and the Reafon |-away, renders che Liquor which remains more palatable as well as
ey are pleafed to give for it is, that the Jatter require a greater} wholcfome, —
buantity of Spirits to animate and give thei due Vigour, than{ ‘To conelude, I can’t help confefling, that this A& bas render‘d
facture allows to one Body. And the fame Rule, they tell us,| me a litrle vain ; as it has made me a Perfon of more Confequence
ten holds in Refpe& to the human. Species; and, indeed, we fome-| to my Country, than many Thoufands who make a gréater Fj
mes fee the largeft Bodies and Meads have very little in them.— inthe World ; before 1 was ufeful in employing the Poor, arid: now
ay, there is a Charaéteriftick of Dullnefs fix’d upon particular | I fhall every Week add fomething to the Richés of the Common+
fations ; that of the Germans is grown proverbial every where, and | wealth. —»-——=- Befides, I ami conlidering. wp uta confiderdbfe -Fj-
they: are more ftupid, their Breed of Men, as well as Women, is} gure we the Writers of this Age ‘hall ifter-make in Hiftory,
f. Jarger than that of other Countries. From all the}.when it fhall be faid of us, ~———— That abdist the Beginning: of: the
Morcfaid Confiderations my Readers may expe& char I fall be] eighteenth Century; the Wiis were look'd upon to be fo evenly a Body,
arter than before. ; 7 | that they were obliged to pay a confiderable Sim tiwards difcharping ‘a
As to the hiftoricat Part of my Works, er what relates to News,| beavy Debt, ander which the Nation at that Time labour'd, ——~ And alb |
m fenfible it will bear no Abridgment ; for I have obferv’d, that} that I’m in Pain about, is, leaft ir fhould not be believ’d.
ridgments of Matters of Fa& ever render Works imperfc& ; Ef.
refore refolve, that whatever Relations fall within my Province,
a weekly Hiftorian, to omit no material Circumftance which may
Marve to elucidate or clear up the Truth, or illuftrare the Story,| and Mother #~————~y are bro
iether the Point of Hiftory be a Robbery, or fomebarbaroas and | Mother Heyd——ger flill carries on a good comfortable
oody Murder, a Rape, or a Marriage, the Tryal of a-———— at} having had a Ballum Rankem on Thurfday Night Iai & 3
min fer ar of a Felon at the Old Baily. ——~ But when I come to} moft of her former Cuftomers were prefent, except ns qa
ut of the more profound and fecrat Matters of State, as Frauds,| lictte out of Order fince her laft Paff2-Tempo. momen Aft BigARa
beas- Pocus, Legerd’ematn, Plots, &e, I fhall take Care to male] the good old-Gentlewoman, out of a tender Regard to Pechi desis,
m felf well underftood. " ; | as alfo for che Encouragement of Bashet-maling, unend ite i Bets
I alfo think fic co affure my Readers, that if the Princes of Ba- Office of inforance on ofes. ,
rope fhould hereafter go together by the Ears, anda War fhould hap- | ss Price T'wo-Penec.

N

a pitch’d Battle within ‘the Compafs of chis fmall Paper, bue much
may be done in a little by Difcipline and goud Conduct 3. for by fre~
queniing the Play-Houfe, and obferving with how much Supple-
nefs and Dexterity. of Limbs, Scaramicuch, who isa clean well fiap'd
Fellow, contra&s-himfelf, and leffens his Appearance to half what
he really is, [ have borrow'd a-Hint, which. may prove of fingus
lar Ufc to me-under my prefent Circumftances ; whercss by draw-
ing my Lines a little clofer,-and fome other Arts, tho’ I may lool
fomething lefs to the Eye, yet when you come to efamine me
| clofe, you will find my Manes and Subftance to be mueh
_T will not pretend.to teke to my-feif:the Lavention of. this inge-
nious Contrivance ; itis, well-knuowaehara famous Arcift inferred
the whole Book of Plulms: in-the-Hatr-and Beard of a-PiGure of
King Charles the Firft, which Pi@ure is till to be feen at Oxford.
Ido not tnegod to draw my Lines alrogcrther as clofe xs that inge=
nious Gentleman has done; for, I confider, that thé. fineft Eyes in
Great Britain are fometimes employ‘d in perufing this Paper, and as
I intend to dedicate fome of my Labours parricularly to the Ladies,
I fhall take Care not to hurt their Sight; [therefore promife ro in«
large my Quantity of Paper, every now and then, asI find Marter
increafe upan my Hands. ,
“Upon the whole, as I know it isin the Nature of Mah to be
greedy of Knowledge, I fhall conceal nothing from my Readeis,
which by. good Intelligence comes to my Hands, fo thar if I fhou’d -
at any Time be obliged to abridge my weekly Labour, ir thall be
the Effay, by whteh, as I obferved before, I condéeive the Diverfi«

‘P.S, Our laft Advices from the police End of the Town, con-
cérning the Affairs of Gallantry, tell us, that Mother N——«-—w7z,
Cy

and gone off; - But that

-

,
Ld

ra
“x: * Atle ~ .
7 EP >.
. _ +
. a Sr . aM
a a ° ‘4
ay ~
a AS:
ao:
a
eae

Sle 4 4

 _ Cardinals, and all the Bifhops, Abbors,

the next Morning, after thefe Lettets came away, (viz.

OP. TIFOREBIGN AFFAIRES. —
The Timé of the enfuing Council drawing near, the Pope held
% general Congregation at the Vatican, where were prefent 31

&c. who came to affift at
the faid Council. He told thei in a-pathetick Speech, Thar he

_ had no Defign of making Innovations in the Church, but to fup-

prefs foe Abufes

crept in contrary to the Decrees of the Council
of ‘Trent.

The Council was to be opened between Nine and Ten
April 15,

‘ N.S.) and all the Bifhops and other Ecclefiafticks that had no

"Gall to be there, were ordered to their refpective Dioceffes and
Livings: "Tis talk’d of in that City, that the Courts of France and

~ Spain are come to a Reconciliation thro’ the Mediation of a cer-

“tain Prince.

’ Duke of Holftein’s Marriage, which is to be celebrated the 17th of

The Letters from Petersburgh of April 11,
ipeak of the extraordinary Preparations making there for the

next Month. Several Councils have been held concerning the Af-
fair of Thorn, and feveral Refolutions have been taken, the Troops
amounting to 30000 Men, are ordered to be in readinefs to march
to the Frontiers of Poland upors the firft Warning, and they are
exercis’d almoft every Days the better to fit them for the Service
they are going upon: At the fame Time fome ftrong Squadrons of
Men of War and Gallies are equipping at the Port and at Revel,
but all this is no more than what has been done for many Years,
oth by the Army ‘and Flcet of that Empire, without coming at all
Zo Action, nor does the King of Poland on the other Hand feem ap-

‘ prehentive of tho Matter, or to Appearance, give himfelf any Trou-

 ¢

‘that the Report’ ipr ifr
: pamediarely after his Marriage be declared Succeffor to the Ruf-

ble on Account of that Affair. They write from Stockholm,

read there, as if che Duke of Holftein would

an Monarchy, Kath given no fmall Uneafinefs to the Swedifh

‘Court; and that in Cafe this important News fhould prove truc,

man for the Murder of his Wife.

the faid Duke's Purty would forfake him and pitch upon another
Succeflor to the Crown of Sweden, which might prove a favourable
Opportunity to the illuftrious Family of Gulderftern.

_ By Letters from feveral Parts of this Kingdom and Ireland, we
| have the following Accounts ;

_ From-Dublin, that a great Number of Recruits for the feveral :
Alham; the Rev. Mr. Badger ta the Vicarage of

Regiments on the Irifh Eftablifhment, arrived there. —

fine Market-Houfe is building, and in great Forwardnefs, in James-

Street, atthe Expence of the Ciry, for all Manner of Grain.

A large Seizure of Tea, and other India Goods, has been Jately

feiz’d at Fingall, and brought to Dublin.

From Cork in Iveland, that 14 Perfons received Sentence of Death,

atthe Affizes there, of which Number was one Parker, « Gentle-

_ to hold the Gourt in the open Street.

From York, that a Man noted iw that City for antick and odd
Tricks, (or, as we may better term it, for making a Fool of himfelf).
as he walk’d thro’ the Streets, was follow’d by a Company of Boys

hollowing and hodting at him; whereupon he ftepp’d into a Shoe-

anaker’s Shop, cateh'd up a Laft, and threw it among them, which

unfortunately hit one of the Boys upon the Head, and kill’d him. —
‘A large Sturgeon was taken up alive in the River, which was look’d

upon: as a great Rarity.
From Gloucefter, that a

Parifh of Hawsbusy Upton in that County.
From Port/outh, that one Oglander, an

behind him.

From Norwich, that « young Gentleman was kill’d by a Cart
An old Maid aged 8c,
who ufed to beg for her Living, diced near that City, and left a con-

over-turning, without Bennet’s Gates.

filerable Sum of Money to her Heir.

. From Maidffone, that nine Fe)cns were condu&ted from their Goal
to Gravefend, in order to join the Convoy from London,. bound c
a a ‘This Wife; James Camell and William Marfhal, two Foot-Pads

en a Voyage to his Majefty’s Plantations. —

«—-——-— At the Affizes at Monag-
han, a weak Part of the Town-Hall camé down, which put the
Folks-into a great Confternation ; and they were oblig’d afterwards

_- | was mounted upon a poor ferub Jade, with one Spur, and but 7 Pe
few Days ago one Farmer. Bence was kill’d
by Lightning, with two of his Horfes, as he was at Plough, at the

( Attorney at Newport in
the Ifle of Wight, hang’d himfelf; as did alfo one Mr. Short, at
- Chichefter ; the latter left a Letter of good Advice to his Children

Xq

From Nottingbam, that my Lord Cadogan’s Regiment, v
arrived there fome Days before, was march’'d thence for Pertl
Scotland. . :

From Oxford, that the publick A@ will be held there the beg
ning of July. | | :

LONDON, May.1. 7

Search is ftill making for more Coiners, there are 27 impeach
and, ‘tis faid, rhat there, are fome of the greateft Artifts amo:
them that -ever follow’d that Pra&tice : They counterfeit foreij
Coin as well as that of our own Nation, in a Manner that it is ve
hard to diftinguith it from the true ; and, we are told, that t
principal Engine they work with, weighs Soo Weight.

On Monday laft a poor Woman in Drury-Lane, going int
Neighbour’s Houfe, took up a Bottle, in which was a chymical }
paration, which fhe finding palatable, drank a hearty Glafs off,
gave the reft to her two little Children ; upon which the unhay
Mother and one Child died the fame Day, and the other’s Life]
not expected. |

The Deaths of remarkable Perfons fince our laft, in and ab
London, are Samuel Hunter, Efq; formerly a Commiffioner of
Navy at Dulwich. - The Lady Bedinfield @ Kew Green
Surrey. The Mate of the ‘Triumph, now in the River, be
for Lisbon, fhot himfelf thro’ rhe: Head with a Piftol.
Robert Elfrith, Mate of the Mary and Johanna, in turning do
the River for Rotterdam, on Tuefday Infi had his Brains beat
accidentally by a Biock. -—_—-Myr. Hutton, an Atrorney at
Exchequer-Office in the ‘Temple, dy’d suddenly of an apopled&
Fit. —— Mr. Theophilus Fortefcue, Brother to the Lord Clin
dy’d of the Small-Pox at Eaton. A Geutlewoman’s Footn
of Northamprtorthire having met with good Entertainment at Greg
wich, where lus Miftrefs went to vifit fome Relations, in coming
Town fell feyeral times from behind the Coach, and dy’d of
Bruifes. — }

General Wade is appointed Commander in Chief of the Fog
in Scotland, Major General Sybourgh, Governor of Fort Willis
Colonel Clayton, Governor of Invernefs, and Colonel Spotfwa
Quarter-Mafter General in the faid Part of the Kingdom.
Dr. Lockyer is conftitated Dean of Peterborough. The Rever
Mr. Warburton is prefenied to the Reftory of St. Peters in Notti
Coldafhton, a

Afhton Blank, in Glouceiterfhire.

Mr. AIST, :
To A& lately paffed for regulating our City, being ftill
Subje& of Converlaiion, that imploys our Coffee-Houtle Pol
cians, I fhall take a fpecdy Opportunity of publifhing to the Wo
the true State of that important Affair, as it appears to me, :
don’t doubt but to give general Satisfa&tion to all my fellow C
ZeNSe J am, SIR, Your Friend and Servant,
| A Livery-Man of the
April 29, 1725+ Waxchandlers Compa
- Anodd kind of'a Fellow was brought to Greenwich this Weck,
ken on Black-Heath.by fome Gentlemen, for a Highwayman ; a V
man {wore againit him, viz. That fhe faw hima ftop a Man, and ts
Money from him. When he was fearched there was found uj
him a Piftol loaded to the Muzzle with Powder, but no Shot 5}

in his Pocket, no terrible Countenance ; and what's moft remarkal
he doth not feem to know who he is himfelf.
- Letters from Anregoa advife, that on the 4th of Jan. at Ni
they felr a Shock of an Earthquake there, which lafted two
nutes, but did no Damage.

The Duke of Richmond lies ill of the Small-Pox in the natt
Way. - The Princefs Louifa, not half a Year old, has been
culated for the fame Diftemper.

On Wednefday the Report of the Malefaftors under Sentenc
Death in Newgate, was made to his Majelty in Council at St. Jam
and the eixht following were order’d for Execution on Friday,
Mary Hanfon forthe Murther of her Brother-in-Law , Wil
Eaton, for a Street Robbery ;, Vincent Davies, for the Murthe

 way; Brian Smith, Baron Swaffo's Man, convicted upon
A& againtt the Waltham Blacks, for fending a Letrer, un-.
Etitious Name, to his faid Mafter, to extort Money from
nd threatning, in Cafe of Refufal, to kill him ; or, if that
o fet Fire to his Country Seat; John Guy, alfo for feloni-
unting and killing fallow Deer, in an inclofed Park ; and
s Lloyd, for Burglary: The reft were repriev'd.
two Foot-Pads and Swaflo'’s Man, went to Tyburn in their
ls; and the latter, when they were going to be ty’d up, flipp'a
ud out of the Halter, leap’d out of the “Cart among the Mob,
egan to tear off his Shrowd; but his Hands were ty’d, and he
do but little ac it: Jack Ketch leap’d upon his Back, and the
iffs Officers furrounded him, fo that he was foon taken, rehal-
,»andhang’d. 2 © -

jety; and Dr. Oldfield, Son of the Divine of that Name,
le&ted Phyficians ; and Mr. Andrew Cooper, of Rotherhith,
ir. Croft, Surgeons to the Hofpiral of Incurables in Southwark,
sd by the lace Mr. Guy, the rich Bookfeller.
: Honourable Rich. Edgecomb, Eig; the Right Honourable
of Anglefea, Colonel Hundafyd, Member of Parliament, are
his Week'to freland ; the former belonging to the Treafury
the latrer having a Regiment, and his Lordfhip aa Eftite in
ingdom. ~The Earl af Oxford is gone from his Seat at Wel-
Nottinghamfhire, to cake a further Tour in the North.
hear thar one Henry Brown of Feltam near Hounflow, who
d lately as Carpenter at. the Admiralty-Office, hath newly got
ate of 14000 |. in Money, and 3001. per Annum in Devon-
by the Death of an Uncle, and is going down thither very
o take Poffefiion of it. |
xt ‘Thurfday comes on the T'ryal of Thomas Earl of Maccles-
at the Bar of the Houfe of Lords. His Lordfhip, in his An-
to the Articles, pleads the Benefit of the lace A& of Grace
many of the Faés as can be comprehended within the fad
‘vhich will fhorten the Proceedings.
ord; we hear, are the Sollicitor General, Serjeant Pingelly,
Lutwyche, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Onflow, Mr. Suel, &c.
Attorney General defir’d to beexcus’d, for fome particular Ob-
ons he had to his Lordship. St | Oe
Week there was a Caule try’d in the Court of Chancery,
sen his Majefty and the Archbifhop of Canterbury. The Poinr
fpute was, as we apprehend it, whether a Gentleman prefented
s Majefty toa fecond Living, was qualify’d for a Difpenfation
iving taken his Degree us Batchellor in Divnity ;-and it was
in’d in Favour of the faid Gentleman,
1¢ Lord Mayor of this City was lately married to Mrs. Mid-
Mother of Mr. Midford the Banker.
‘Thurfday laft two Men were committed to Newgate by Ju-
Blaney, being charg’d with feveral Robberies on the Highway.
nuth-Sea Stock is 121, 5 8ths. Bank 132, 3 qrs. India 151i, x
African 11, 1 qr.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: To be fold,
the Coach and Horfes-Yard in Caftle-Sireet, near Leicefter-Square, a light
‘harlot, anda pair of Harnefs, fit for Town or Country; and a one Horfe

, and a Harnef to it, beth little the worfe for Ware: Inquire for Mr. Wal-
bn the left Hand Side of the Gateway and you may. know further. :

This Day is publifhed, -
A. Collection of Sermons by Mr. Jeremy Collyer, and are ready to, be deli-
to the Subferibers, by Mr. Bowycr, Printer, in White Fryars; and by Mr.
at the Bell, the Corner of Lamb’s-Conduit-Paffage, in Red-Lion-Street,
OI. :
Mere may be had, The Author's Ecclefiattical Hiftory,
ry’s Dictionary.
ST about Nooften Monday laft between the Poultry and Wapning, a Tor-
oife-fhell Snutf-Box, a Cat, a Rat, and fime fmall Fowls reprefeated on the
on the Reverfe, a Dove with a Laurel Branch in her Mouth, being all inlaid
udded with Gold, a Piece of the Rim on the Bottom worn off, full of Burga-
psnugt: Whoever brings it to William Mofindew, Bell-Man, near the Gun Ta-
Wapping, fhall havea Guinea Reward.
EAS George Picfton, aged about twenty three Years, of a fair Compleéti-
om, and wears a very light Wig, a blue livery Coat lined with Scarlet, and a
Yized wide, Coat, took away from Fowke Hufley, of Little Wyrley, in the
ty of Stafford, Bfq; on the twentieth of April at Night, the Sum of four Pound
hillings in Money, anda large black Mare, full aged fixteen Hands high, with
ze down her Face, two white Feet behind, a grizzled Mane an1 Tail, with a
Bely than ordinary: If therefore any one will difcover the faid Gro'ge Pre-
fo as he may be apprehended, and will give Notice of him to the faid Fowke
Sy 3 or Whoever fhall apprehend the faid George Prefton, fo thar he may be
st to Juftice, mall receive of the faidFouwke ituficy q handiame Reward.

i

and the Appendix to

Month of. February. . Printed in French and Englith in Columns
other, whereby fuch Englifh Gentlemen as-are learning French will inf-nghiy arrive, °
at a competent <nowledgze in that Language, and Foreigners 3 ,
wille .

Printed for J. Roberts in Warwick-Lane. N,B. The Month of Marchis ia the refs
and will be publithed in a fhort time. cS ,

he has been bred to learning, or can focak Latin,

. | , ther bred to any Bufinefs or Profedtion 5 what he underftands:;
Week Dr. James Jurin, Secretary and Fellow of the Roy- |i y

The Managers againtt.

| -_ "This Day.iy publifhed,) .
*,* The ‘TRANSACTIONS of the feveral COURTS of (EUROPE ;

» Oppofite to cdc)

who Underftand Preach

y make Englifh ramiliar to them. ‘T'o be continued Monthly. - Prien yo:

Juft publifhed the {ccond Edition, with Additions, of : :
*,* The Medneis of Difaffection and Treafon againt the prefnr Government. By

G. OLLYFFE, M. A. Minifter of Wendover and Great Kimbel, in the County of
Pucks. Sold by

in St. Paul’s Church-Yard; J. Brotherton at the Bible in
R. Het, at the Pible and Crown, and S. Chandler at the Crofs-Keys inthe vsultre -

J. Downing in Rarthotomew-Clofé ; J..knapton, and R.

*% obinfon.
Corn r | 5 ;

J.Ciark, and

. Batley at the Dove in Pater-Nofter-Row; J. Pemberton at the Buck in Fleer’
rect; and C. King in Weftminfter-Hall. Price bound 35. 6d. © n Fleer-
HE Perfon who advertifes hin-felf for a Companion for a Gentleman, is defired.
to give fome Account of hiinfelt ina Letterto Mr. Daws;, in Piym wth; whether
can write well and cypher, ar whe-

: C _What he hasan Int ght
nto, and is capable of doing ; or plays mafterly on any Mutick, what Age he is, it

willing to live in the Country, and what arc his Terms; alfowhether-he has lived
in any good Fav ilies, anican be recommended as a fober,
to direct to, him.

regular Pe:fon, and hovw

Juft  publithed, the fecond Edition, of

*,* A VIEW of LONDON and WESTMINSTER 3 or, The TOWN-SPY

Containing a diverting Account of the Humours of the Halt-Pay Officers, and the
Guards, &c. at St. Margaret’s in Weftminfter ; of the t
St. James’s; of the Hugonots, &e. at St! Anne Soho.
at St. Giles’sin the Fields; with a Defcyiotion of that ParifM and Drury-Lane. Re-
merkabl: Practices of the Irifh Scciety oi Fortune-Huaters at St. Paul's Covent.
Gar 'e1, recommended to all the Boarding
at the Company of Upholders at St. Mary ie Savoy. Of the Lawyers at St, Cle

anes, an
Of the Mercers of Ludgate Parifh, and the -‘Weckty Journatiftso. Black-I"
gether with the different Cuftoms, &c. of the Ink ibita
in London. The prefene State of Cuckoldom,
Bya FOREIGNER. Sold by T. Warner, at the 3lack Boy in Patez-Nofter-Ro-y
aad by the Rookfellsrs of London and Weft ;

Quality, and their Servants, at
A furpri-ing Story of a Miter

“chocls, &c. in Great Britain. Pra-iices °
meat
Holbsurs.
ick-i ryars, To- .
nts of moft of the Barithes
and 2 ChareSter of the City Wives.

St. Dumtan’s in the Weft. Of tice Laties ar St. A adrew’s

minfter. Price one Shilling,

-AMALIEL VOICE, in Whalebone-Court, at the iowet End of Rattholorjevs
_ ¥ Lane, Lothbury, near the Royal-Exchange, ferrethin ARTISICIAL TES Fit
in the moft exast Manner, which » are fo fitted and fir in, that they may be taten
out and put in again by the Perlons themfelves, and are not to be difcerned fron the
Natural; they not only preferve the Speech, but alfo preferve the Tecth next to
them from luofening or falling out; but thof who have. stumps to fer them oa,
may, with the greateft Security, depend upon it, that they willanfycrthe Ends of:
natural Técth. | ye

N. BR. He fvl!s and mends Watches of all Sorts.

Againt. the VENEREAL DISEASE,

HE tamousTralian BOLUS has f great Succefs in che Cure ofthe Vencreal
4 = Difeafe, thac not one of the great Numbers that daily take ic mui of a perfett
Cure; andtho’ fo very chean as 2s 6d. eact, yet four Rolufis never fail to root
out and carry of the mot malignant, virnic xt, wd obftinats kind of the Venere?! Dife
eafe, without Confinement, «r makirg your Café known to any; wich, if it tails te
do, the Money is returz*! This 2r°-at Medicine Hike vif: deftroys Mercury, and car-
ries it ont of the: Rody. vad ‘ocreby relieves thofe unfartunate Perfons who have
fallen into bad Wan! i: <racrCures. Isto be had only at the Flaming Sword the
Corner of Ruffs'!-*..-c2, over gaint Will’s Coffee-Houle, Covent-Garden ; and if (ld
at any other Plats is Comatericit. ; . | .

Lectuariun Mirabile: Or, the Admirable Fletuary; which infallibly cures alf

Degrees and Symmtoms of t.c Sceret Difeafe, with more Fal, Spred and Saie-
ty, thanany Medicine yet publith’d s any old Running, &e. though of feveral Years
ftanding, whether -.ccafion’d by an aver-ftrain, Weaknefs of the Seminals, or the Ke-
licis of a former Infection, iscertainly cur’d in a fhort Time, with-ut a Minute's
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ufe of Aftringents ; being a Medicine {o wonders Hy
pleafant and eafy in its Oneration, that the niceft Palate, or weaket Coaftitucon,
may take it with Delight: Two Pots are geéncrally fifficient to compleat a Cure in
moft Cafes. ‘To be had only of the Author Dr. Can, a Graduate Phyficiin, who has
publith’d it 20 Years, 2nd is conftantly to be advis'i withat his Hou‘e at the Golden
Ball and Lamp, in Bow Church-Yard in Cheapfide, at half a Gusnea the Pot.

ioe Y¥ COX, living next Docr to the Sign of the Fa'con. a-
& againft the Vine Tavern in Holborn, haviag, by a grear Cold
which fell into my Eyes, left my Sight, inforinck that | did ne,

_ ver expect I fheuld ever be brought to fe again, but hanpily wg
advifed to make Ufe of Mrs. Cater, wno, not only at firft Sight, to my no final’
Comiort, told me I was curable, and alf did, under God, nerform the fame in as thort
a Time ascould beexne-ted 3 and this f do tor no other Intent but tor the, Good and
Benefit of thofe who may mect with the like AMflicticn: The frid Mrs. Cater ftill lives
in Caftie-Court, Birchin-Lane, at the Sign of the Hand and Eye.

Note, She cures without any Inftrument ; and the infallibiy cures the Ague, with-
out the ‘eft Grain of Cortex, or that they cal! the Jefuits Bark. Price five shillings
the Vial. No Lettersreceived excent Poft rid.

INCTURA NERVOSA CA DIACA, or the Cordial Tingture for the Nerves,

__beiag an 2pproved, experienced and’never-miling Medicament ia finking, lan:
guifhing, aad lownels of Spirits, Palritation, or ‘Trembling of the Heart, ia ail para-
litick, fovorofe and convu'five Diftem re1s, and in all Arictions of the Hedd and
Nerves; 12 inftallibly prevents the bid Eefe2t. of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which
occations in moft People the ahove-ii.eationed Diforders (with many more, which yaw tl
fee at ‘arge in the printed 200k of Directions) but yet by taking a few (rops of this
moft pleafant delicate Cordial, in the firft "ih o¢ Coffee or Tea, you may then drink
at Liberty 5 for this great Medicine penetrates through the whole nervous Syftem,
and fo recruits the Vrain and Prvcordia witha full in ius of esulting Spirits, which
perform the BufineS of vital Function with freth Alacrity, and new Rrisknefs; fo
that the Pulte, which lay techie and wavering, now 1tal!s a beating vigoraufty, add
with great Exastnef$; moreover, it wondertully difverfes Fear, Sadrevs, confufed
Thoughts, Twitchings of the Legs and Arms, difturbed Sleep, and all the {inal
Tr2itof Vapours and Melancholy. It likewift ftonps Vomiting, puts eff Naurout
nefs, procuresa good Appetite, and is now in great Eftcem amonrgft Quality of the
firft Rank. Said only at G. Strahan's, Bookfeller, at the Golden Ball ia Cornhill, o-
ver-againg the Koyal-Exchange, and at no otber Place. Price 9s. 6d. 2
 Ww . , ”- , . 4

way; Brian Smith, Baron Swaffo's Man, convicted upon
A& againtt the Waltham Blacks, for fending a Letter, un-
titious Name, to his iid Mafter, to extort Money from
nd threatning, in Cafe of Refufal, to kill him ; or, if that
o fet Fire to his Country Seat; John Guy, alfo for feloni-
anting and killing fallow Deer, in an inclofed Park ; and
s Lloyd, for Burglary: The reft were repriev'd.
two Foot-Pads and Swaflo’s Man, went to 'T'yburn in their
is; and the latter, when they were going to be ty’d up, flipp’d
ad out of the Halrer, leap’d out of the Cart among the Mob,
egan to tear off his Shrowd; but his Hands were ty'd, and he

o but little at it: Jack Ketch leap’d upon his Back, and the
iffs Officers furrounded him, fo that he was foon taken, rehal-
»andhang’d .  - -: - , |
Week Dr. James Jurin, Secretary and Fellow of the Roy-
giety ; and Dr. Oldficld, Son of the Divine of that Name,
lected Phyficians ; and Mr. Andrew Cooper, of Rotherhith,
ir. Croft, Surgeons tq the Hofpiral of Incurables in Southwark,
2d by the late Mr. Guy, the rich Bookfeller.
: Honourable Rich. Edgecomb, Efq; the Right Honourable
of Anglefea, Colonel Handafyd, Member of Parliament, are
his Week ‘to [reland ; the former belonging to the Treafury
the latter having a Regiment, and his Lordfhip aa Eftste in
ingdom. -'The Earl af Oxford is gone from his Seat at Wel-
Nottinghamfhire, to rake a further Tour in the North.
hear that ohne Henry Brown of Feltam near Hounflaw, who
i lately as Carpenter at. the Admi ralty-Office, hath newly got
ate of 14000 1. in Money, and 300 1, per Annum in
by the Death of an Uncle,
o take Poffeflion of it. |
xt Thurfday comes on the Trryal of 'Thomas Earl of Maccles-
at the Bar of the Honfe of Lords. His Lordfhip, in his An-
to the Articles, pleads the Benefit of the late A@ of Grace
many of the Faé&ts as can be comprehended within the fad

and is going down thither very

ord; we hear, are the Sollicitor General, Serjeant Pingelly,
~utwyche, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Onflow, Mr. Suel, &c.
Attorney General defir’d. to beexcus’d, for fome particular Ob-
ons he had to his Lordfhip. ot . Co
Week there was a Caufe try’d in the Court of Chancery,
sen his Majefty and the Archbifhop of Canterbury. The Point
{pute was, as we apprehend it, whether a Gentleman prefented
s Majefty toa fecond Living, was qualify’d for a Difpenfation
ving taken his Degree as Batchellor in Divnity ;-and it was
in’d in Favour of the faid Gentleman.
é Lord Mayor of this City was lately married to Mrs. Mid-
Mother of Mr. Midford the Banker.
Thurfday laft two Men were. committed to
Blaney, being charg’d with feveral Robberies
uth-Sea Stock is 121, § 8rhs.
African a1, 1 qr.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

To be fold, . ;
the Coach and Horfes-Yard in Caftle-Street, near Leicefter-Square, a light
/hariot, and a pair of Harnefs, fit for Town or Country ; and a one Horfe
, and a Harne& to it, beth little the worfe for Ware: Inquire for Mr. Wal.
pn the left Hand Side of the Gateway and you may. know further.

; This Day is publifhed,
A. Collection of Sermons by Mr. Jeremy Collyer, and are ready to be deli-
to the Subfcribers, by Mr. Bowycr, Printer, in White Fryars; andby Mr.
at the Bell, the Corner of Lainb’s-Conduit-Paffage, in Red-Lion-Street,
pith,
here may be had, The Author's Ecclefiattical Hiftory, and the Appendix to
ry’s Dictionary.
ST about Noof.on Monday laft between the Poultry and ‘Wapping, a Tor-
oife-fhell SnutfBox, 2 Cat, a Rat, and fume imail Fowls repreknted on the
on the Reverfe, a Dove with qa Laurel Branch in her Mouth, being all inlaid
udded with Gold, a Piece of the Rim on the Bottom worn off, full of Burga-
pnuff: Whoever brings it to William Mofindew, Bell-Man, near the Gun Ta-
apping, fhall havea Guinea Reward.
EAS George Piciton, aged about twenty three Years, of a fair Compleéti-
un, and wears a very light Wig, a blue livery Coat lined’ with Scarlet, and a
ized wide Coat, took away from Fowke Hufley, of Little Wyrley, in the
ty of Stafford, Efq, on the twenticth of April at Night, the Sum of four Pound
hillingsin Money, anda large black Mare, full aged, fixtecn Hands high, with
ze down her Face, two white Feet behind, a grizzled .Mane ani Tail, with a
Bely than ordinary: If therefore any one wiil difeover the faid Geovge Pre-
fo as he may be apprehended, and will give Notice of him to the faid Fowke
Sy 5 or Whoever shall apprehend the faid George Prefton, fo that he may be
gt to Juitice, fall receive af the faidFuwke idufley q handfome Reward.

BY

Newgate by Ju-
on the Highway.
Bank 132, 3 qrs. India 151, 1

Bya FOREIGNER. Sold b
Devon-

which will fhorten the Proceedings. ‘The Managers againtt.

4

: Sets Rayiy publifhed,”
res, The TRANSACTIONS of the feveral COURTS of ‘EUROPE |
Month of. February. . Prioted in French and English in Colunns, oppofite' to ede
other, whereby fuch Englifh Gentlemen as- are learning French wilk INC nbly arrive
ata competent Knowledge in that Language, and Foreigners who Underftand Freach
willeafily make Englith ramiliar to them. “T'o be continued Monthly. « Pricey 7, 4.
Printed tor J. Roberts in Warwick-Lane. N.B. The Month of Match is in the‘Prefs”
and will be publithed ina fhoyttime. oo

Juft publifhed the {econd Edition, with Additions, of ‘ -
*,* The Madnef§ of Difaffection and 'Treafon againft the prefent Government. By
G. OLLYFFE, M. A, Minifter of Wendover and Great Kimbel, in -the County of
“ucks, Sold by J. Downing in Rartholomew-Clofe ; 2: Anaptony. and R. Xobinfon.
in St. Paul's Church-Yard; J. Brotherton at the Bible in Cornftill + J. Clark, and
RK, Het, at the Fite and Crown, and S. Chandler at the Crofs- Acys in the Poultry «
- Batley at the Dove in Pater-Nofter-Row; J. Pemberton at the Buck in Fleer:
rect; and C. King in Weftminfter-Hall. Price bound 35. 6d.” ,
THE Perfon who advertifes hin-felf for_a Companion fora Gentleman, is defired.
to give fome Account of hiinfelf ina Letterro Mr. Daws; in Plym uth; whether
he has been bred to learning, or can focak Latin, can write well and cypher, or whe-
ther bred to any BufinefS or Profeffion ; what he wniderftands; what he hasan In*ghe
into, and is capable of doing ; or plays mafterly on any Mutick, what Age he is, it
wi'ling to live in the Country, and what are his Terma; alfo whether-he has lived
in any good Fav-ilies, and can be recommended as a fober, regular Pe:fon, and how

to divect to, him. , |

jut wblifhed, the fecond Edition, of Coote ;

*,* A VIEW of L NOON and WESTMINSTER ; or, The TOWN-SPY 4.
Containing a diverting Account of the Humours of the Ha f-Pay Officers, and the
Guards, &c. at St. Margaret’s in Weftminfter 3 of the Quality, and their Servants, at
St, James’s; of the Hugonots, &e. at St: Anne Soho. A furpri-ing Story of a Mier
at St. Giles’s in the Fields; with a Defeyintion of that Parifi end Drary-Lane. Re-
markable Practices of the Irifh Society ‘ot Fortune-Hunters at St. Paul's Coveiit-
Gar ‘ea, recommended to all the Boarding Schoels, &e. in Great Britain, Prantices ©
of the Company of U holders at St. Mary ie Savoy. Of the Lawyers at St. Clement
Danes, and St. Dunitan’s in the Weft. Of tie Ladies ar’ St. A ndrew’s Holbour..
OF the Mercers of Ludgate Parifh, and the -Weck!y ournaiifts:o. Black-Fryars, To-
gether with the different Cuftoms, &c. of the Inhi itants of moft of the Parithes |
in London. The prefene State of Cuckoldom, and 9 CharaSter of the City Wives.

y T. Warner, at the Black Boy in Patcz-Nofter-R ov

and by the Pookfellars of Loridon and Weftmintter. Price onc shilling, ?

-AMALIEL VOICE, in Whalebone-Court, at the lower End of Rartholanyyv.
”. t Lane, Lothbury, near the Royal-Exchange, fettethin ARTI +I CIALTESTIEHE
In the moft exact Manner, which, are fo fitted and fer ‘in, that they may be talen
out and put in again by the Pertons themfelves, and are not to he difcerned from the
Natural; they not only preferve the Speech, but alfo preferve the Tecth next to
them from loofening or falling out; but thofe who have. Stumps to fet them ony
may, with the greateft Security, depend upon It, that they willanfycr the Ends of
natural Técth. 7 a.

N. R. He fel's and mends Watches of all Sorts.

Againft. the VENEREAL NISEASE.

Tt E famvusTraliin BOLU S has fo great Succefs in the Cure 6f the Vencreal
“A = Difeafe, that not one of the great Numbers that daily take ir mifK of a perfett
Cure; andtho’ fo very cheanas os 6d, each, yet four Boluffis never tail to root -
out and carry of the mo% malignant, viruic rt, wnd obftinats kind of the venereal Dif.
eafe, without Confinemen’, cr makinz yonr Cale known to any; which, if it tails to
do, the Money is returs*i This xx°at Medicine Hkeuwife deftroys Mercury, and car
nes it out of the: Rody. und ‘oereby relieves thofe unfirtunate Perfons who have
fallen into bad Hant-ia Urner Cures. Isto be had only at the Flaming Sword the:
Comer of Rufle!-Si ser, over gaint Will’s Coffec-Houfe, Covent-Garden 3 and if fold
at any other Plate is Connterfeit. ; | oo, . .
PBlectuarinn Mirabile: Or, the Admirable EleQuary; which infallibly cures alf

Degrees and Symptoms of t..c Seerct Difttat, with mote Fafe, Spzed and Saiz.
ty, than any Medicine yet publith’d ; any old Running, &c. though of {everal Years
ftanding, whether ccafion’d by an over-ftrain, Weaknefs of the Seminals, or the-Re-
licis of a former Infection, is certainly cur’d 1n a fhort Time, with-ut a Minute's
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Uf of Aftringents ; being a Medicine {o wonder ly
pleafant and eafy in its Oneration, that the nicoft Palate, or weake& Conttituczien,
may take it with Delight: Two Pots are géncrally fiffcient to compleat a Cure jn
moit Cafes. To be had only of the Author Dr. Cam, a Graduate Phyficiin, wito has
publith’d it 20 Years, and is conftantly to be advis‘i with at his Houte at the Golden

Ball and Lamp, in Bow Church-Yard in Cheapfide, at half a Gusnea the Pot.
| HEN®Y COX, living nest Dacr to the Sign of the Fa'con. a-
& I againft the Vine Tavern in Holborn, having, by a grear Cay

whith fell into my Eyes, loft my Sight, inforiich that [ did ne-
- ver expect I theuld ever be brought ta fe egiin, but happily ws
advifed to make Ufe of Mrs. Cater, Wno, Not only at firf€ Sight, te my no final’
Comiort, told me I was curable, and alfa did, under God, nerform the fame in as thort.
a Time ascould beexne-ted ; and this 1 do tor no other Intent but tor the Goad and
Benefit of thoft who may meet with the like Affliction: The fhid Mrs. Cater ftill lives’

in Caftle-Court, Birchin-Lane, at the Sign of the Hand and Eye. 7
Note, She cures without any Inftrument ; and the infallibiy cures the Ague, with-
out the ‘e:ft Grain of Cortes, or that they cal! the Jefuits Bark. Price five shillings
the Vial. No Lettersreceived except Pot paid.

INCTURA NERVOSA CA XDIACA, or the Cordial ‘Tinéture for the Nerves,
__ being an 2pproved, experienced and never-railing Medicament ia finking, lan-
guifhing, aad lownefs of Spirits, Palpitation, or Trembling of the Heart, in ail para-
litick, foporafe and convuifive Diftempers, and in all Arictions of the Head and
Nerves; it infallibly prevents the bad Effects of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which
occa‘ions in moft People the above-i,,eationed Diforders (with many more, which you'll
fee at ‘arge in the printed 200k of Directions) but yer by taking’ a few Crops of this
moft pleafant delicate Cordial, in the firft Sith of Coffee or Tea, you may then drink
at Liberty ; for this great Medicine penetrates through the whole nezvous Syitem,
and fo recruits the Frain and Pr vcordia witha full In ius of exulting Spirits, which
perform the Bufine§S of vital Function with freth Alacrity, and new Rrisknefs + {
that the Pulfe, whieh lay feeble and wavering, now tl's4 beating vigoronfly, an3
with great Exastnefs ; moreover, it wonderfully difverfs Fear, Sadr-fs; confufed
Thoughts, Twitchings of the Legs and Arms, difturbed Sleep, and all the ifingl.
Tr2itof Vapours and Melancholy. It likewife ftops Vomi ting, puts ef Naurout
nefs, procuresa good Appetite, andis now in great Efteem amorgtt Quality of the
firft Rank. Saldonly at G. Strahan’s, Bookfeller, at the Golden Ballin Coinbill, o
yer -againft the f&\ oyal-Exchange, and at no other Place. Price 9s. 6d. =
 a , This Day is pa@blifh’d,. ;
a" An hiftorical Eflay’on the legiflative Power of England; wherein the Origin
of-both Houles of Parliament, their ancient Conftitution, and the Chang::s that have
happencd in the Perfons that compofed them, with the Occafions thereot, are rela-
ted in a chronological Order ; and many. Things concecrning the Englifh Government,
the Antiquitics of the Laws of England, and the feudal Law are occationally illuftra-
ted and explained.. Ity George St. Amand of the Inner-Temple, Efq, Printed for
THO. WOODWARD at the Half-Moon over-againft St. Dunftan’s Church in
Ficet-Street, and fold by J. STAGG in Weftminfter-Hall.
— ; | Where may be had, ;
I.. A Collection of Debates of the House of Commons, in the Year 1680, relatin
‘to the Bill-of' Exclufion of the Duke of York. Containing the Speeches of the Lor
Kuffel, Sir Henry Capel, Sir Fr. Winnington, Ral. Montague, Efq; Henry Booth,
= Eig, Sir Gilb. Verrard, Sir Lion. Jenkins, Sir ‘Tho. Player, Sir Rich. Graham, Sir
Witliam Poultney, Daniel Finch, Efq; Hugh Bofeawen, Efg; John 'Trenchard, Efq;
John Hampden; Efq; Sir Roger Hill, Sir William Jones, Sir wichard Mafon, Lau-
rence Hide, Efq; Col. Legg, Edw. Deering, Efg; Col. Birch, with many more ; and
a. Lift ofthe Members that compofed that Houle. To which is added, the Debates
of the Honfe of Commons affembled at Oxford, March 21, 1610. As alfo an Intro-
duction, fhewing the Progrefs of Popery, from the Keformation to the pretent Time.
WY. A compicat Set of Bibliotheca Literaria ; containing a Collection of Infcrip-
_ tions, Medals, ‘Diflertations, &e. : oo.
ae ts & ‘The Hiftory of the ancient and modern State of the Principality of Wales,
‘Dutchy of Cornwal, and Earldom of Chefter. By Sir John Doderidge, Kt. :
IV. Dr. Higden’s View and LDefence.of the Englifh Conftitution. :
V. The Cafe of Irclggd’s being bound by Aét of Parliament in England, ftated by
William Mollyneux of Duplin, Efq;
cS - 7: “Phe fan’d PURIFYING SPIRIT.
‘ W Hercas great Numbers of Men, Women and Children are afflicted, fome of ’em
¥V¥ continually, and others only Spring and Fall, or at other Seafons,' with Brea-
kings out_in divers Parts, and fome all over the Body, either with Morpiiew, Scurf,
Scabs or Sores, Tetters, Etchings, Pimples,. Blotches, Leprofies, fcald beads, other
Deilenients of the ‘kin,.im fome to ecanfe red Faces, red Nofts; others fore Eyes,
fiery *lotches, Uleets, Fiftulas, &c. precceding cither from fharp Humours, Scurvy,
King's Evil, or any other Cafes in the Blood, and know not when to get a
Remedy ; having ‘try’d Purging, Vomitings, Sweatings, Blcedings, Blifterings, Cup-
pings, Salivations, Iffues, Diet-Drinks, &e. and outwardly ufed Wathes, hathings,
Anointings, &c. an& that probably for many Yearstogether, to little more than pal-
liating the Difeafe. This pleafant chymical Spirit, taken but three times 2 Day for
a little while together, (that neither confines, or in the leaft diforders the Body) infal-
libly cures, and renders the Blood and Skin incomparably pure and clean, be the Di-
ftemper of ever fo long ftanding, ever fo ftybborn, or even hereditary. Is fold only at
Mr. Crouch’s, ‘Bookfeller, at the Bell in Pater-Nofter-Row, Cheaptide, for five Shil-
lings a Bottle, with Directions. :
ASHORE and infallible Cure for the Itch or any itching Humour, or fcorbutiek
Breaking aut whatfoever, tho’ it be never fo bad _or of never fo long ftanding, by
@ fpecifick Elcétuary, particularly adapted for that Purpofe, and many Years expe-
rienced: It is the mioft wonderful Scerct in the World for the Cure of: that trouble-
Some Diftemper, and thé Scurvy: For in two or three times taking, it certainly clean-
fes and reztifies the Blood and puices to Admiration, frees them from al manner of
Impurities, and abfilutely ftrikes at the very Root of the Itch or other fcorbutick
Breakings out fo as infallibly to accomplish a Cure in two or three Days, to 2 Mira-
ele, and that with the greateft Eafe and Safety imaginable, witbout the leaft Trou-
ble or Confinement. Is fold only (ance Mrs. Kradbury left off Shopkeeping) by Mr.
Sanders, Haberdather of Small ‘Wares, at the Blue Ball Toyshop in Fenchurch-ftreet,
near Aldgate, at 3#..a Rox, with Directions. :

Vivirvi NG DROPS for BARRENNESS jn Women, and Imbccillity in
Men, which renovate the vital Ferment of the Blood, rectify the languid State

of all the Fluids, rou, fortify, an¢ increafe the Spirits, invigorate the Nerves, re-

‘tore juvenile Warmth, andcaufe 2a fparkling Gladnefs and ardent Courage to flow in
the Hearst, afd expand it felf through the whole human Syftem, fo as-affuredly to
cure all Indifpofition, that by binding down the Spirits, depreffing the Mind, and
daiaving the noble Faculties extingtim in a great meafure the Lamp of “ife, and
eaufe Barrennefs and Imbeciflity. hey potently ftrengthen and corroborate the
Parts of Generation, effectually promote Conception, and render both Sexes proli-
fick in a wonderful manner, as Thoufinds have experienced. And now fold only at
Mr. Radford's Toyfhop, at the Kofe and Crown, againft St; Clement's Church-Yard
in the Strand, near Arundel-ftreet End. Price ss. the Bottle, with L irections.

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Julep which isknawn by
many Years Experience to be 2 never-failing Medicine in o d obftinate Afthma’s,
©” whole fuffocating Fit‘ie puts off ina Moment ; it gives 2 perfect K elief in ftrain-
ing laborious Coughs, that are unmercifully troublefome Night and Morning ; ’tis a
moft excellent Remedy for Shortnefs of Breath unon any Motion, and in Breathing
with Difficulty, Straightnefs of the Breatt, with Hoarfenefs and Wheezing. Nathin;
excceds this admirable Julep, for by openiin the Browchial Ducts and Penumomic
Paffages ; it penetrates in the inmoft Keceflés of the Lungs, and there meeting with
tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Ph'egm, fo attenuates, .divides, moves and works it,
that by coughing and foitting it expectorates and throws up all fiich Matter with the
preacelt Fate and Pleafiire, thereby cleanfing and freeing the Breaft and Lungs, when
uffed up and clogged with a heavy Load, and fo prevents @onfiimptions, Uicers of
the Lungs, &c. Note, Fr isa fa e and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken by Spoonfils,
according to the printed Direétions, without the leaft Confinement, or Danger of
catching Cold. To be had at Mr. George Strahan’s at the Golden-Ball over-againft
the Royal-Exchange, Cornhill, and at no other Place. Price 2s. 6d.
Juft publifhed new Editions of the following Books.
N Account of the PILACE. where the Nightingale, Swallow,
Cuckow, Fieldiare, Woodcock, and other Pirds of Paflage Go
and Refide, when Abfene fromus. (A Curions Treatife.) Alo the
GOUT, the Weaknefs, and Secret Patient’s DIARIES. Being
each a Brattical Journal from Day to Day whilft a Perfon has the
{: Seerct Difeafe, or 2 GLEET, or the GOUT, or K heumatif up-
io GF == onthem = Thefe Books are all GIVEN GRATIS Wp One Pair of
ay ee Stairs at the Celebrated Anodyne NECKLACE, Recommended.
by De. Chamberlen for Children’s Teeth without Temple-Bar. At Mr. Jeremiah
Psin's Toythop in Pope's Head-Ally-in Cornhill, right over-againft the Royal-Ex-
chayge. find by R. Bradthaw (the Author’s Servant) againft Sutton-Street End by

So ge. ro |
‘LAN DON: Printed by N. MIST, in Great-Carter-Lane..

. Tiss Day is pubdlifhed
*,* An ESSAY npon the Trath. of the Shriftian’’ Religion :- Wherein’
Foundaticn upon the Old Teftament is fhewn ; occafioned by the Diftourlé
Gfounds and Keaions of the Chriftian Keligion. By Arthur Ashicy Sya
Rector ot Kayleigh in Effex. Printed for James and John Knaj-ton, at*the
int ..t. Paut’s Church: Yard. — Where may be had, ‘
:-Mr. Syke’s Sermon, January 25, 1724, belore the Gentlemen educated
raThe Lord Bithop of Coventry's Defence of (hrift
rd-Bifhop of Coventry’s Defence of Chriftianity, the ad Edition, i
to the Grounds and Keafons, oc. ; Ms ne ee
His Lordfhip's Sermon before the Societies for Refarmation of Manners, J
‘Dy Sam. Clark’s Connexion of the Prophecies in the Old Teftament, and the

cation of them to Chrift, the third Edition.

Mr. Lavingtan’s Nature and Uleo a Type. And,

Mr. Benj. sarthaill’s Chronological Treatife on the 70 Weeks of Daniel, in A
to the Grounds and Reafons, &c.

. The chymical Liquor for the Hair,
W Hick gradually changes red, grey, or Hair of any oticr difsgreeable Colour,
ther of the Head or £,e-brows, into any Degree of a Brown, or, by obfes
the Directions given with each Bottle, into tie molt beautiful Klack in Natu
neither ‘Time nor Weather can alter; tor the Colour will for ever remain as
as it it naturally grew fo. It bas, with a general Satisfaction to the World, bes
this ten Years by Mir. Lockton, only, at tne Griffin, the Corner of Biucker’s-8
the Poultry, where a Lock of Hair may be feen that was ftain'd with it before
firft expos'd to fle, Price half a Guinea a Bottle. If it does not prove infalli
turn the Liquor, and the ...oney fhall be repaid. Where is alfo fold, The fov
‘ ecret for diffolving the . TO..E, and expelling the GRAVEL, being an ap
Specitick, w.th ample Directions, Price 2s. 6d. a Bottle.

THE famous PLAISTER for the Stomach, which infallibly cures all ‘
A gues in 24 Hours time, without any opber Phyfick, as has been happi
nenced by many Thoufands in this pudlick Way of Sale for above thefé te
pat, and is Row -efteemed and recommended by the moft knowing Phyficians,
and moft infallible Remedy for curing Agnes, that ever was found out,
having been {¢ much as once known to fail, moft of the Agucs that were cu
fome Years paft, f as not to return again, were cured by it. Is fold only
Bells, a Rookiellers, at the Crofs-Keys and Rible in Cornhill, near Stocks-
at 2s. 6d. the Gallipot, with Directious. At the fame Place is alfo fold the
excellent Plaiffer for Corns, being the only infallible one in the World for givin;
and taking them quite away without Trouble, as Thoufands have experienced.
1S. a Box, with Directions.

All Sorts of RUPTURES,
BURSTEN or broften Bellies, perfectly eur'd by the Bleffing of God, ei
old or young, in a very lctle ‘Time, and for a finall Charge, by two Medici
be externa ly uled, without anyPain tg, or Conlinement of, the Patient. The
Kemedies need no other Recommendation than themfelves will manifeft in
three Days ufing, having, by their admirable and even aftonifhing <uccef, gai
Reputation they juftly deferve both in City and Country, tor above thefe 4
Years laft t pat, atter wearing Trufles for many Years, to mp Purpofe: Man
dreds of al! Ages and + exes have been eur’d by them, which ccc this P
tion, for the Good of the Publick, that all fuch unhappy People may be ‘de}
from the Charge and Slavery of altvays wearing Trufles. They are feal’d up,
the Parcel, which is generally fafficient for a compleat Cure, efpecially on a
Ferfon, and is now (fince Airs. Vradbury left off eeping) fold only by
ders, Haberdather of Small Wares, at the Blue-Ball Toyfhop in Fenchurch-§
near Aldgate. N.B. It isby the Uf of an eafy Trufs, &c. that thofe two ex;
Medicines are applied to the Part affected, till the Cure is periected, as wiil be
the Direétions at lange given with thein.
oe UPTURES cur'd of all forts (if curdble) whether on the Na
~ or Groin, &&e. where you may hayea new invented Trufs, that
©). ter, eafier and more ccrtain in. keeping up the falling down Part, t
SY ritherto known... It hath no troublefome Iron Hoop about the Wai
— ° Pretenders riake them, nor any troublefome Straps to go betwe
~~ Legs, as others have; but it is a certain Cure for ail feducible Ru
Perfons old or young, or either Sex, may wear them with the leaf
ble of any yet known Made only. by the Inventer, A. Harman, Surgeon, :
Golden-Ball and Acorn in Colchefter-Street, White-Chapple. Note, whereas
have pretended to vend my new invented T rufies ; to prevent. People’s being <
I declare they are all not only ignorant ofthe Invention, but of the Method of
Note, His Name is ftampt on them, to prevent Counterfeits,
IPF STEEL Spring or jointed Truffes for the Cure of Pu 22
= new born Infants, and effectual to the Aged;,alfo Spring T
without Steel Cirevmference, of an entire new L[nvention, extraor:
eafy as well as ufetul; alfu Bag Trufies for fix’d Tun.ors, Perfons ig
fj It ul; alfo Bag Truffes for fix’d T
) Gountr fending their Bigneis, and which Side-the Rupture is,
upplied with the Truffcs and proper Dyreétions,, By.- Peter Partie
Zug the Golden-Ball in St. Paul’s Church-Yard, near Cheapfide, London
==. alfo makes divers Inftruments to help the Weak and Lame:
is Mother, Mts. M. Bartlet, at the Golden-Kall over-againft St. Bride’s-La
H Mts. M ] he Gold Il ft St. Brid
Ficet-Street, is skilful in this BufinefS to her own Sex. Her Steel Spring Truf
Ruptures at the Navel, are exceedingly light, eafy and ¢ ctual.

5) T the HUNGARY WATER WAREHOUSE, at the
ne A Boy and Camb, a Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savag
on Ludgate-Hill, is fold 1ight French Hungary Water, in Jarg
: Pint flint Bottles, being the fime Sort fold at the faid Place 1
as Years paft, or rather better, being a frefh Parcel, anf diftinguit
Pm ii felt from the pernicious counterfiit Sort fold about the Town
ox eS t by its fine Flavour ; fecondiy, by its turning Water as white as
eaere AD and if you fet a Spoonfal on Fire with a bghted Paper, it will
dry, whereas the counterfeit Sort has none of thefe Qualities, b reaton ‘the
rials in France are much better than in thefe Northern Climates: Moreover, th
French is always at the fame Place, and no where elfe ; and the Counterfeit is fir
to one Shop to fell, but as foon asit is found out, it isremeved, and fold at «
with a freth Advertifement, of a Parcel juft arrived from Montpelier. .
N. B. Bewaro of Counterfeits. :

 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 1 May 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786038/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 