wy 4

~

happens that printed Bills ure
flipp’d into my Hands, which I

pore} order to perufe at my Leifure ;
LOR BN} for I have obferv'd, that there is
Ycnree oe of thefe fhort Effays which are calcu-
Jated to take in the People, but what has fome-
thing very fingular in its Matrer as well as Stile.
The Writers in this Way generally inake ufe
of thofe Images which the French call (the Mer-

veilleu’) the Wonderful, which is a little beyond |

the Sublime; and asit is their Bufinefs to raife
the Curiofity and Admiration of their Readers,
in order to tempt them to walk in and fee the
wonderful Performances of the famous Arrift with-
in, they are commonly very extravagant in their
' Promifes for him. :
_ The famous unborn Do&or cures all Diftem-
‘pers; curable or incurable, they are all alike to

‘| him. —— The Grimace Spaniard performs fach.

Things with his Mouth, Nofe and Eyes, that he
challenged the whole World to fhew the like
: with all the Parts of their Body. .
celebrated Fire-Eater was a:mcft prodigious Prodi-
gy; he had eat before moft of the Princes in Ex-
. yope, to their intire Satisfa&tion ; and though the
- Philofophers of Old call’d Time the Eater of all
: Things, Tempus Edax Rerum , yet he challeng’d
‘even Time it felf to eat Fire with him.———__——
| Whatnecd we fpeak of the ingenious Magick of
| Myr. Fawks, who turns Cards into living Birds,
and living Birds into Cards, fince the Wonders of
' Shis Art mey- be read, even now a Days in our
— weekly Advertifements. ~_ :
About two or three Years fince, a Gentleman
_ who came from, Ireland, prefented me with a Bill
‘of this Nature, which was deliver’d abou: in Deb-
: lin, in which this Humour of cajoling the Multi-
: tude.was pleafartly ridicul’d ; I fhall prefent the
~Readers witha Copy of it. -

» TO all Perfons of Quality, and others ;

the Wonder of al) the Wonders that

the World ever wonéer’d at.

, WERE the famous Artift Emanuel Schoitz
. is newly arrived in this City, who, to the
‘great Surprize and Satisfattion of all. Speéarors,

fhews the following wonderful Performances, the |

_ Jike never feen before in this Kingdom.
~ & He heats a Bar of Iron red hot, then thrufts

“ it into a Barrel of Gunpowder before all the

“¢ Cormpany, and yet it fhallnot take Fire.

_ He lets any Gentleman charge a Blunder-

&¢ bufs with the fame Gunpowder, and twelve lea-

*« den Bullets ; which Blunderbufs che faid Ar-

‘¢ rift digcharges full in the Face of the faid

_*¢ Company, without doing them the leaft Hurt,
‘ the Bullets ticking in the Wall behind them.
_ He takes any Gentleman’s own Sword, and
<< runs it through the faid Gentleman’s own Bo-
‘dy, fo that the Point appears bloody at the
 4¢ Back to all the Spe&ators ; he then takes out

“ the Sword, wipes it clean, and returns 1i to the
<¢ Owner, who receives no Manner of Hurt.

“© He rakes a Pot of fcalding. Oil, and throws
“¢ ir by great Ladles full dire&ly at che Ladies,
4¢ without Spoiling their Cloathes, or in the leaft
‘© fcalding their Skins,

ry

a mf

315 I pafs along the Street it often |

carefully put up in my Pocket, in |

And the |

“MIST WEEKLY 7

SATURDAY,

_ of all Speftators ; and it may be.then taken of

- .

:
~ wes, on:

liry’s Child,

“ He takes any Perfon of '; i
the’ ’s

a
from two Years old to fix, ps
own Father or Mother take
Hands; then the Artift tak |
Arms, and toffes it upon the Point of the faid
Pike, where it fticks, to the-great Satisfaction

pee

without fo much as.a Hole indts Coat.

‘© He mounts upon a Scaffold juft over the Spe-
&ators Heads, and from thence throws down a
large Quantity of Tiles and Stones, which fall
like fo many Feathers, without dilcompofing ei-
ther Perukes or Head-Dreffes.>

““ He takes any Perfon of Quality up. to the
faid Scaffold, which Perfon fhall pull off his
Shoes, and leap nine Foor dire&tly down ona
Board, prepared on purpote, full of fharp
Spikes, fix Inches leng, without hurting his
Feet, or fo much as damaging his Stockings.

“ He places the faid Board on a Chair, on
which a Lady fits down, with another Lady in
her Lap, while the Spikes inftead of entring in-
to the under Lady’s Flefh, fhall feel exa&tly like
a Velyet Cufhion.

“ He iakes any Perfon of Quality’s Footman,
tics a Rope about his bare.Neck, and draws
him up by Pullies to the Cieling, and there
keeps him -hanging as long as his Mafter or
the reft of the Company pleafes: The faid
Footman, to the great Wonder and Delight of
all the Beholders; holding a Pot of Ale in one
Hand, ard a Pipe of Tobacco 1n the other ; and
when he’s let down, there fhall not appear the
leaft. Mark of the Cord abour his Neck.
“ He bids a Lady’s Maid. pty her Finger into
a Cup of clear Liquor like Warer, upon which
her Face and both her Hands fhall be imme-

diately wither’d, like an old Woman of four-
f{-ore-and ten; her Belly fhall fwell asif fhe

had been within a Week of her Time, and
both her Legs hall grow as thick as Mil|-pofts ;
but, upon putting her Finger into another Cup,
fhe fhall beeome as young and handfome as
before,

‘“‘ He gives any Gentleman Leave to drive for-
ty T'welve-Penny Nails up to the Head in a
Porter’s Backfide, and then he places the faid
Porter on a Loadftone Chair, which draws
out the faid Nails, while the Porter feels no
Pain.

‘© He likewife draws the Teeth of half'a Do-
zen Gentlemen or Ladies, mixes and jumbles
them together: in a Hat, gives any Perfon
Leave to blindfold him, and returns to each
their own Teeth again, and fixes them as well
as ever.

“ With his fore Finger and Thumb he thrufts
feveral Gemlemens and Ladies Eyes out of
their Heads, without the leaf Pain, at which

Time they fee an unfpeakable Number of

beautiful Objects; and after they have been
fully entertained this Way, he claps their Eyes
again into their proper Sockets, without any
Damage to the Sight.

“ He lets any Gentleman drink a Quart of
hot melted Lead, and by giving him a Draught
of a certain Liquor prepared for that Purpofe
immediately after it, of which he takes part
himfelf, he makes the faid Lead pais thro’ the
faid Gentleman before all the Spearors, with-
out any Damage to the Gentleman; aftéx

NoveMBER 6, “i925.

pree dious to mention. |
: |

the late Czar in encouraging foreign Tra

a Rupture with the Ottoman Porte.

OURNATL. . (Riws.a83

—

"a » Company. .
m “With mang ‘more Performances of Art too re.

ry

~The faid Artift hath performed before-moft
“ of the Kings and Princes ‘in Europe with éextra-
© ordinary Pppiautes - .
'-“ He performs every Day except Sundays
** ‘Ten in the Mornitig “iN One and frown ie
“«-in the Afterroon till Seven, wither Eéfs of
“ Time. Vivat Rex. . or ye |
FOREIGN AFFAIRS,
They write from, Petersburg; that ehe Em-
prefs applies berfelf indefuigably to the Af-
fairs of the Publick, and follows wié Policy of.
( Fick,
and putting the Fleet intro 2 good Condition; a
Man of War of 7o Guns was lately faunth’d at
the Admiralty of Petersburg, and Orders given
for another to be put immédiarely pon che
Stocks. The Governors of the new Con~
quefts in Perfia have {ent Advice, that all Things
remain. quict on that Side, and that the veung
Sophi feems to make no Difpofition to recover
thofe Provinces ; on the contrary, the Ruffian
Merchants trading in Perfia have received Ad~-
vice from their Correfpondents there, that the
faid Sophi, who now refides at Ifpahan, is pre-
paring an Embaffy to be fent to the E:nprefs of
Rufha, in order ro renew the Treaties made with

nr

the late Czar; and alfo to propofe fome further

Terms of Alliance to unite a ftrifer Friendthip
betwixt them : ‘This Affair (if ir goes on) is like
to embarrafs the Court, who will be at a Lofs

‘4 what Courfe to take in fo nice a Junfure, for ,
as fuch an Alliance oh one Sidé wiil be a ftiire .

Means of preferving thofe Conquefts, on ihe o-
ther Side it is rhoughr it will certainly preduce
Ve i
now publickly faid, tha: the Duke of Holftein is
going to fend an Embafly to Copenhagen ro make
a peremptory Denand of the Duchy of Slefwig ;
and in Cafe of Retufal, to threaten the Recovery
of it by the Affiftance of the Ruffian Troops.
They wrire from Madrid, that fome of the
Nobiemen, who, in the late War, embraced the
Party of the Emperor, and have refided ever
fice at Vienna, being by the laie Treaty reftor'd
to their Eftates, are arrived at Madrid, from
whence they went to Sr,. IIdefoafo to pay their
Compliments :o the King and Queen, by whom

they were receiv'd with extraordinary Compli-
- ments. ° ;

From Vienna we are informed, that the Courr
of Rome is ftarting fome Pretenfions in Relation
to the Kingdom of Sicily, which they fay fhould !
be receiv’d, and held of the Holy See, in the
fame manner of the Kingdom of Naples; where-
upon fome Inftru€&tions were tent to the Cardinal
Cienfuegos, who it is faid, has reprefentéd ro his
HolinefS, that if he can make out the Right of
the Holy See in this Affair, his Imperial Majefty
will not fail of complying with it. pa

Letters this Week fom Dublin take Notice ofi:.-3 22
the Splendor with which His Majefty’s Corde! ve
tion Day was kept, that befides the ufual Soles: ay

3
f

ties, His Excellency the Lord Carceret gave a Mlag f+
at the Theatre, for the Entertainmert of rhe Fijed-</'<. «7
dies, and afterwards a Ball at the Caftle-—
the 16th paft was a Confort of Mufick art
Theatre, wherein the much-talkd-of ean, — -

 Lady perform’d, as they tells us, much beyond
the Expef&ations of the Audience. There were
prefent, The Lord Lieutenant and his Lady, the
Lord Chancellor, and a very great Concourfe of
Nobility and Gentry. Cornet Jofeply Po was
Executed the 16th on Killmainham Gallows ; he
acknowleged the Fa&, pray’d for Forgivenefs from:
thofe he-had injured, ‘and dy’d to all Appearance
a.fincere Penitent. a,

Bofton, Sept. 13. The Thomafine, Capt. Tho-
rowgood, is arrived here. He was taken the 3orh
of June upon the Banks of Newfoundland, in the
Latitude of 43, by a Pyrate-Sloop, commanded
by Philip Linc, formerly Quarter-Mafter to Frank.
Sprigg’sCrew. Some time before, the faid Py-
ratetook a Sloop belonging to Rhode-Ifland, bound
to Martinico, which he burnt, and forced the
Mafter and all the Men aboard his own Veffel.
The 27th of July, they took a London Ship, Capr.
Cockran, which they kept in their Cuftody when

they difcharged Capt. Thorowgood, tho’ that was.

not done till ‘after. they had taken and deftroy'd
every thing valuable on board her, and made five
of the Crew fign their Articles. They took alfo
with them Jofeph Lacy, Carpenter of the faid
Ship Thomafine, whom, becaufe he refufed fign-
ing, they beat and wounded in a barbarous man-
ner.
Canfo, Sept. 10. A French Man of War of
60 Guns, and 450 Men, was loft the 19th of Au-
uft off Lewisburgh Harbour, and all the Crew
: Erown'd, and with them Monficur Hermit, Lieu-
tenant-Governor of Canada, the Intendant of the
fame Government, and feveral other Gentlemen.
Dublin, OF. 28. Saturday laft being the An-
niverfary Thankfgiving appointed .by A& of Par-
ligament for Deliverance from thé Irifh Rebelli-
on 1641, the Bells of the City rang, and the Lord
Chancellor and Lord Primate, &c. went in their
Formalities to Chrift’s Church, were Dr. Bol-
ton, Bifhop of Elphin preach’d. In the After-
noon the great Guns fired, and the Foot was
drawn out on Oxmanton Green. "
Edinburgh, Ot. 25, 'Thurfday laft one John
Wallace, a Soldier in Clayton’s Regiment, was
fhot, in the Links of Leith, for deferting.

Several Rogueries have been difcovered by the

Amfterdam Infurers, that have been praic’d by
fome of our Mafters of Ships, viz. that after they
had enfured great Sums of Money on their Vei-
fels, more than they were worth, they have
knock’d them in the Head, or funk them.
We hear particular Orders are given to fee the
Sentence of Whipping onthe Rioters at Glafgow
duly execured.——The Duke of Gordon is arriv’d
at his Seacin this Partof the Kingdom.
_’ They write from Norwich, OF. 30. That on Mon-
day dy’d in the 93d Year of his Age, Laurence
Goodwin, Efg, fenior Alderman of this City, a
very worthy Member ef the Church of Eng-
land, whofe Life was a continued Series of Pie-
ty, Charity and other Chriftian Virtues. He was
_ Sheriff in 168a, and Mayor in 1697. «On Wed-
-nefday came on the Eleétion for an Alderman of
St. Giles’s Ward in his Room, the Candidates
- were Mr. THOMAS CHURCHMAN, and Mr.
Timothy Balderflone, Captain of the Artillery Com-
pany: The general Cry was, A Churchman, a
| Churchman! but upon cafting up the Poll Mr.
‘Balderftone appeared to have the Majority of
20 ; the- Numbers were 273 to 253, which feething
to be about 40 more than the Number of Voters, a
Scrutiny was demanded and granted. .
York, Of 30. Laft Sunday betwixt Two and
Three in the Morning a Fire broke out at the
Black Bull-Inn in Thurfday Market, which did
no firther Damage than burning one Room, be-
ing timely difcover'd by fome Soldiers. who quar-

‘| ftripp d

’ ter’d theite: —smme On’ Eriday the 2oth, before’

Day, five Convi&s for Tranfportation that were
in the City Goal upon Oufe-bridge, found Means
to make a. Bréach in the Prifon Wall, four of
themiefcaped ; but Long Will, mentioned in our

former -for ftealing of Linnen, being fomething

of the largeft Size, ftuck in the Hole, and was
not ablg,to get: backwards or forwards, tho”

, ited ed; two of ‘em get away in a Boar,
and two by Land; but one of ’em hayinga re-
morfe of Confcience, left his Companion, and’
came back, wak’d the Goaler, who went and
drew the long Man out of Purgatory, tho’ not
without fome Difficulty, and the Lofs of a good
deal of his Skin; the other three are not yet
heard of. :

Briffol, Oc. 29. One Robert Knight, a Con-
flable near this City, being in the Execution of
his Office, endeavouring to keep the Peace, 3
Men, two named Pearfe and Sinith, rhe other
not known, who were in the Mob, fecing him
coming, bid him ftand: off, or they’d knock his
Brains out ; but not-regarding them, he pufh’d
forward, upon which they were as good as their
Words, for Smith gave Pearfe a Hedge-Stake,
with which the latter kill’d the Conftable on the
Spot ; they are all three fled from ‘Juftice and
not yet heard of. An unnatural Farther in
this’ City whipp'd his own Child of about four
Years old, laft Week, to fuch a Degree, that its
Life is not at all expeéted.

Gloucefter, Nov. 1. We had very good Diver-
fion this Day upon Snow-Hill-Courfe, between
two Gentlemen in that Neighbourhood ; the one
of which rod a Bullock, which was to Trot, the
other a Mare,~to Pace a Mile, for ten Guineas;
neither of them had either Bridle, Saddle, or
Whip; all jocking was allowed; the Concourfe
was very great, and the Entertainment anfwer’d
Expectation. -
on purchafed the.new Bear Inn in this City, to
make it a Hcufe of Maintainance.

LONDON, November 6.
‘The three young Lyons lately whelp’d at the
Lyon-Office in the Tower are living, and may be
feen by any Perfon that pleafes; by the Care that's

taken of them, there are great Expectations

of their being brought to Maturity, which will
prove an extraordinary Rarity, there never ha-
ving been any fuch thing done in England.

On Monday a Courfe of 40 Miles was rid for
100 1, by one Bob Houle, upon a Horfe without
Bridle or Saddle, and he without: Whip or Spur,
from Enfield te Ware, thence to London, and
back to Enfield again. The Wager was laid
that he perform’d it in four Hours and a half,
and he did it in lefsthan four Hours.
the Horfe was a Poft-Horie, had been us’d to the
Road, and a Boy with a Horn rid before him.

Wednefday four Malefa&ors were executed
at T'yburn, viz. James Carter, James Little,
Fofter Snow and John Whalebone, Lydia Pan-
cridge dy’d the Day-before in Newgate. The
Body of Snow the Vi@ualler was carried away
ina Hearfe, and interr’d at Chelfea.

The Hefter of Briftol from Jamaica, was late-
ly loft off the Weft Coaft. of Ireland; but the
Men were providentially fav’d by a Sloop, jul
before the Ship funk.

Several Perfons are in Cuftody here for dif- |

perfing printed Copies of a Letter relating to the
Glafgow Riot: Our Correfpondent at Edinburgh
gives us an Account of feveral printed there,

viz» Copy of a Letter from a Gentleman in Fife, to

his Friend at Edinburgh, upon the Subject of the Malt-
Tax, Nemo me impune laceffet. Another, Copy
of a Letter from a_ Gentleman in Edinburgh, to bis
Eviegd in the Conntry, upon the Subjelt of the Malt-

—rerm Laft Week our Corporati- ;

It feems }

_ or Surry.

Tax. Another, Inflyud&ions of an Advocate to Gene «
ral Wade, with two or three more, but which is the’

Pamphlet in Difpute we know not.

They tell us from Bath, That on the Corona-
tion, and Birth-Day Nights at the Balls, fome’
fuber Perfons Heads turn’d round with drinking
loyal Healthe on that Royal and Prineely Occa~
fion, and were obliged to go off in State between
Supporters. The Lord Sunderland is arri-”
ved there. —There was a Ball on the 1ft Inftant-
as well as on the 3och, but not fo publick.

From Warwick, 'That Sir Thomas Delves, a Gen-"
tleman of a good Eftate and Age, and who fome’
time ago loft his only Son, was lately married to’

Mrs. Aubern, a young Ludy, with a Defign, no

donbr, to repair thar Lof:.:

From Chichefter, That the Duke of Richmond: |

on Account of his being madea BurgefS of that
Corporation, gave a handfome Entertainment to’
his Brethren, —

From Salisbury, That Mr. Ernly dy’d laftt Week
at his Seat near that City. The Earl of Sa-
lisbury is coming to refide there, and is moviug
his fine Pictures from his old Houfe at Hatfield.

From Norfolk, That Sir Robert Walpole enter-
tained the Gentlemen about the Country on the
Prince’s Hirth-Day without Diftin@ion, in a fplen-
did Manner, and gave three Barrels of {trong
Beer to thofe who were not Gentlemen.

The Lord Lyn’s Lady is brought to Bed in

Norfo:k. The Lord Lovat’s Lady is delivered of | _
a Daughter in Scotlaid; and the Wife of Dr.

+e,

re gs eel ee.,
+

Reynolds, Son to the Bifhap of Lincoln, of a Son -

at Bugden, his Lordfhip’s Seat.

Sir John Jennings is come to Town from Bath ;. _

Duke of Bedford from thence to Woburn Abbey 3.

Duke of Manncher to Kimbolron ; Earl of Litch-
field to his Seat in Oxfordthire.

General Nicholfon, who fometime fince, ar-
riv’d here from South Carolina, brought home
feveral Curicfit:ies found in that Country, which
he hath prefentcd to his Royal Highnefs.

Thomas Saunders, Efq; was this Week Sworn
in Keeper in Ordinary of the Standing Ward-
robe, at St. James’s, in the Room of Thomas
Hutton, Efq; deceafed.

Wednefday laft feveral Lords of the Council

and Judges met at the Exchequer, to fettle the

Roll of Sheriffs for the Year enfuing.
On Thurfday there wasa general Council when

the Parliament which f{tood prorogued to the 11th
Inftant, was farther prorogued to the 6th of De- |

cember next, and the Convocation to the 16th of
the fame Month. :

Mrs. Grafpall, who has been our Cuftomer 2 Tears,
defires us to inform the Mafters of Drury-Lane Play-
Houfe, that if they pleafe to play the Comedy, called,
A Wife to belet, within ten Days, they will oblige
her and 4 great many of the Quality, to whom fre bas
communicated her De fign.

South-Sea Stock is 121. 3 Sths. Bank 132 7 .

8ths. India 167 1 half. African 16 1 half.
“ADVERTISEMENTS,

. __ A Gentleman wants, viz.

-Henfe nnfurnifh’d, for a fmall Family, with an Orchard—
Garden, about 10 or 20 Miles of London, in Middleté
_Propofals to be left for Mr. C. L. at Peele’s Cof=

fee-Houfe in Fleet-Strect.

This Day at Noon will be publith'd, ;

*,* A Carilogue of a Curious and Valuable Colle‘tion of
Books in moft Faculties and Sciences, which will be Sold
by Auction, at the Amfterdim Coffe-Houfe behind tke
Royal-Exchange, on Monday next; beginning at Five in the
Evening, and to continue every Evening till all- are Sold.

Catalogues may be had at the Place of Sale.
TOLEN or ftray'd out of the Grounds of Edward Eve
of Hampftead, the aft of O&. aft, a bright bay Gel-
ding, black Mane and Tail, full mouth‘d, a little white a-
bout his Ears and Nofe, blind‘on the near F.ye, short pa-
ftur‘d, about 14 Hands high. Whoever will bring the Horfe

to Mr. F.ve aforefaid, thall have a Guinea Rewardend reafo« :

nable Charges.
 pen FTE Powder which has met. with fuch a general Appro-

T bation from Multitudes of People, anfwering tn all
Refpects fully the Ufe of Coffee, having had a very large
Demand, the Quantity chen imported not, being futicieat
to anfwer the great Call, fo that many Cuftomers could not
be fupplyed; Care is taken, that none for the faturc be
difappointed a large Parcel being jut arrived exceeding
_ fine, and right flavoured ; to be had at the firft Houle on
the tefe Hand in Bell Savage-Yard on Ludgate-Hil!, made
up in quarter, half, or wholc Ponnds, at zs, 6d. per Pound.
Ies Quality is extraordinary, and needs no Misture, being

o the belt, and
étly frefh.

Baca to Grafs July 20, 1726, In the Ground of

makes that which has loft its Flavour per-

, fo the bolt, @ and approved by the moft judicious: It adds.
f

‘Thomas Webb, at Hangman’s Acre, near Stepney
Church, a lirge blick Gelding, about 1s Hands high, a Soa-
Ying on the near Leg, mark'd W. R. on’the near Foot be-
fore, tull aged, a fwih Tail: Ifthe Owner.don't fetch this
Gelding on or between the 207h of this Inftant,; and pay the
Charges, he will be fold according to Law.

, To be LETT, 8

Very good Inn, at Godftone in Surrey, on the Turn-

pikc Koad, known by the Sign of the Whitc-Hart 5

with Brewhouf2, and other Convenicncies, and roz Acres

‘of Meadow and Arrable Ground, near adjoining, upon

Leafe of fix Years tocome; the Furniture of the Inn, and

Husbandry Tackling to be Sold: Inguire of Mr. Tho.

. Peto, at Rygat, Surrey, or of Mr. J. icharjfon, at the
Blue Bonre’s Head at St. Marg3rct’s-Hill.

OST between Stratford and Bow on Suniay laft, a mid-
L dle-fiz'd brown and white pointing Dog, a Strap about
his Neck, rz Months old, a white Rlaze up his Face, with
a brown Snot in the middle, tann’d abour the Eyes, anda
white Tail: Whoever brings or gives Notice, futhat he may
be had again, to Robert Ch-miers at the Flying Horfe and
balf Foon without Bifhopfgate, fhall have ros. Reward and
reafonable Charges.

WHEREAS lately a little Man ftray‘d from a Gentle-
; man’s Houfe inthe Country,-in a very abrupt Man-
fer, and carried of with him the Hearts of fome young
Virgins; they fearhe was notin earneft when he made an
Offer of his to then; he having been fince feen upon the
London Road going to a wicted Woman, as they fippofe.
This is to certify sf he will bring them his Heart again,
he thall be kindly received, and no Queftions ask'’d 3 or if
any Boly can give any Tidings of him to the faid Ladics, at
an eminent Perfon’s near St. John’s College in Cxtord, they
fhall receive a fuitable i cward.
| This Dayis pubtith’d, the fecond Fdition, of
*,* Practical Perfpective, or an eafy Method of reprefzn-
ting natural Objects, according tothe Rules of Art, spply‘d
‘and exemplify’d in all the Variety of Cafes, as Landskips,
- Gardens, Buildings of divers Kinds, their Anpendages, Parts,
Furniture, &e. with i ules for the Proportions, Pofitions,
&c. of Figures, both in Draught and Relieve. Alfo the Man-
ner ef conduéting the Shadows, by divers Luminaries, and
practical Methods of defigning truly, with.ut underftanding
any Kutes at all. A Work highly necefary for Painters,
Engravers, Architects, Embroiiersrs, Stratuarics, Jewellers,
Tapeftry- Workers, and others concern'd in deSgning. ‘The
Whole illuftrated with 150 Copper Plates. Written in French
hy a Jefuit of Paris, fince tranflated into German, by Ch.
Rembold, and into Englifh by Rob. Pricke, and now a fe-
cond time into the fame Languzge, by E.Chambers,
“© If you would proceed immediately to the Practice of Per-
s¢ fpective, without engaging in the Intrivacies of the Theory,
“ the Jefuit’s Perfoective will anfwer your Purpofe. Wolfius
s¢-in Element Mathe. Tome rr. Page ro4th."*.. Printed and
fold by Thomas Bowles, Print and Mapfeller in St. Pau!'s
Church-Yard, and John Row'cs, Print and Mapfeller over
againft Stocks-Market, and at Mercer’s Chapel in Cheapfide.

Jut publithed, the 6th Edition of

*.* I. ESSAYS upon feveral moral Subje:ts. In three
Parts. Upon. Pride, Duelling, gencral Kindnefs, the Weak-
nefsof Human Reafon; on Mufick, the Value of Life, the
Spleen, Eagemnefs of Defirc, Friendfhin, Popularity; a
Thought, of the Entertainment of Books, Finvy, againft De-
fpair, of Covetoutnefs, Liberty, old Age, Picafure, of Pain,
Revenge, Authors, Power, Riches and Poverty. Whoredom,
Drunkenne’s, Gaming, Solitude, Difeontent. By Jeremy Col-
Jier, A.M. -
It. A thortand eafy Method with the Deifts ; wherein the
‘Truthof the Chriftian Ketigion is demonftrated by infallible
Proof from four Rules, which are incompatible to any Impo-
fture that ever yet-has been, or can poffibly be. To which 1s
added, a fecond Part to the Jews, |

Ill. DRSIDERIUS ; or, the Original Pilgrims ; fhewing
the moft compendious Way to arrive at tac Love of God. By
Laurence Howel, A. M.

All three printed for G. Strahan at the Golden Ball over-
againft the Royal-Exchange in Cornhill.

Concerning Lunatick or Melancholy Perfons.

NY Perfon that has Friend or Relation (of the female Sex)
afflicted with Lunacy, may have them treated with the
greateft Care and Lenity, where there is a large Garden,
ood Air, and a very pleafant Situation, not far from Lon-
eon. They aré attended by Nurfes or Servants of their own
- Sex ; no Man-Servants being allow'd of. ‘There is likewife
good Accommodation, at an eafy Rate, for Women-Luna-
| ticks or melancholy Perfons, who are deem’d or thought in-
curable. Enquire at the Golden Key near the Penny Poit
Office in Chriftopher’s Church-Yard, Threadneedle-Street,

near the Royil-Exchange, and know farther. ,
Hout No Men Lunaticks are entertain’d at the fame

-#,* The COMPLETE ENGLISH TRADESMAN, in
‘familiar Letters, directing him in all the feveral Parfs and

pe
A-
J

Trade, as well what he is not, as what he is employ in.

Progreffions of ‘TRA:-ES, viz. 1. His acquainting himfelf
with Bu§gpef§ during his Apprenticeih p. =. His. writing to
his Coirelpondents, nd obta:ning 2 general Knowleijge of
3. Of Diligence and Application, as the life of all Bufinefs.
4. Cautions agdinft Over-Trading 5. Of the ordinary Occafi-
nus of a Tradciman's Ruin, fich as expenfive Laving.——
Too early marrying. Innocent Diverfions.———Giving
and taking too mutch Credit.——Leaving Bufinefg to Ser-
vants.——Being above “ufincs.——Entering into dangerous
Partnerthips, &c. 6. Dircttions in the feveral Diftreil*s of
a Trad“finan wheh he comes to fail. 7. OF Tradefinen con)-
pun fing with their Debtors, and why they are fo particu-
arly fevere.. 8. Of Tradefmen ruining one another by Ru-

mour and Scandal. 9. Of Crediz, and how it is only fu >xpor-
ted by Henefty. 10. Direétions tor Book-Keeping, punt:tual
paying Bilis, and thereby maincaining Credit.’ Calcutated
for the Inttrnétion of Inland Tradefinen, and efpecially of
YOUNG BEGINNERS, Printed for Charics Rivington at
the ible and Crown in St. Paul’s Churen-Yard. Pr.ceé ¢ §.

A Curious Sett of Prints in Chiaro Obfcuro. Done from
r\. the original Drawings of the belt Italian Mafters, with
feyeral other Ieffer Prints ofthe fame Nature; alfo fix A-
cademv Figures, done from the Lite by the late Mr. Che-
ron. S§ Id by the Author EK. Kirkall in Wine-Office-Court,
Fle't-Street, and by Mr. Glafs under the Royal-Exchange,
Mr. King at the Gobe ian the Poultry, Mr. Phil. Overton,
and Tho. Taylor, Printihops in Fleec Screet. oo.

NOTICE is hereby given to Mr e- Sherwood
J}™ and Myr. Bernard Stepney (two Perfons whofe Employ-

ments and Places of Abode are unknown to the Advertifer,
but sre fuppofed to have been Inhabitants of fome Part of
the Cities of Lonion or Weftm nfter) if ftill living, or if
dead; to their.legal Re prefentatives, that upon their making
Inquiry tthe Buc bell Al-houte, over-againft Mr. Juitice
Pittield sin Hoxzon, near Shoredite, London, they will be
informed of fomething to their Advantage.

ALTER TERRY, Nephew to the late Mr. Antho-

nv Ingram, Robe-wlaker at the Sign of the Gown
and Livery-H». din Pater-N itter-Row, near the North G 2te
o* St Paul's hurch, lls Minifters Gowns, Caflockxs, filk
and worfted Sathes; alto Gowns tor Mayors and Aldermen
of any Corporacion in Great Britain, ready made, at reafo-
nable Rites; ‘to Black Cloth and Prunella for Minifters
wears lik--vif@ all forts of Gowns new, or fecond Hand, at
reafon ble R .tes.

Tas is to. acquaint the Publick that the beft Tailow
Candles, not ii-erior to any, ure fold at 5s. 2d. per
Dozen, by Allen Cowoer, at th: Sign of the Tallow Caand-
ler again{t White Chippel Cuurch, and by Tho. Rolofon at
White Chappel vars. N.B. For ready Money.
In a few: Days will be publithed,
*.* Lex Maneriorum: Or, The :.aw and Cuftoms of
England, reliting to Manors, and Lords of Manors, their
Scuards, Deputies, Tenants, and oth*rs, viz. of the lords
Right t» Deo:ands, Felons Goods, Waifs, Eftrays, Wrecks,
and Goods ot Felo-de-fe; of the Privileges of their Tenants
in ancient Demefne, and of Widows Free-Berch, &c. of
Copyhold Eftates, Courts-Leet, Courts-Barom, and _By-
Laws there made, ani of Amerciaments, fines, and Heri-
ots, and how to be recovered; ot Surrenders and Admittan-
ccs to Copyaokls, and of entailing them, and of barring
and difcontinuing fuch Entails by Fines and Recoveries in
the Lords Court, and by other Methods; of Leafes made
by Cepyholders with Licence and without ;, alfo of f‘ortei-
tures and other Determinations of thir Eftates, The whole
being a methodical Co lestion-of the Cafes difperf:d in the
feveral Volumes of the Law reiating to Copyhold Eftates,
and to every Thing depeiding on that Tenure. To which
is added, an Anoendix of all the modern Entries or ['ecla-
rations, Pleas, Replications, Rejoinders, Demurrers, [t!:.s,
fpecial, Verdicts, Writs o“ Kecordari, Certiorari, &c. rela-
ting tothe faid Caf's. With proper Tables. By W. Nei-
fon of the Middle-Temple, Efq,; Printed for John Hooke
at the Flower de Luc: againft St. Dunftan’s Church in }'leet-
Street. |
W Rayner Surgeon, living at the Btue Poflts, in Preftan’s-
Yard, the lower end of the Minories, the Name Rayner and
golden Ball hunging over the Gate, near Little Tower Hill.
r Fath a fpeedy and fate Cure for the Pox »r Clap, with all
its various Symptoms, by his famous chymical Drink,
being pleafant inTafte, yet effectual in curing that dangerous
Difeafe, which has been the uin of Hundreds by falling into
unskilful Hands I cure (under God) the moft inveterate Pox,
in 3 Weeks at farthelt, as Ulcers in the Throat, loft Palate,
finking.in the Nofe, Phymofis, Paraphymofis, Shankers, pocky
Warts, Buboes, or {welling in any Part. If your Body be full
of Ulcers and Scabs, in afew Days I re wove all thofe hetero-
genousParticles, takingaway all Pains in the Head, Shoulders
and {hin Bones, fo that this fulubrious Liquor reftores the Body
to perfe:t Heatth. They that have made Tryal of it wonder.
atthe Cures it performs, Thofe who have newly got a Clap,
may entiely depend onaCure, by taking two or three Dofes
of my venereal Pills or Bolutfes, without Hindrance of Bu-
finefs, or it being known to the neareft Relation or Bed-
fellow. Lfhall not ufe many Invitations, but rather leave
yuu to make Exnerience, which is beyond all Argument. In
a Word, let your Condition be never fo bad, diftruft nor, for
I-promife very fair, no-Cure ne Money. Ido any thing in
Surgery. My Pills and Boluffes are wfeful for Sea or Land,
which I have always ready by me. -Note, There'sa Light at

my Door inan Evening.

}

RITHMETICK. ALGEDRA...GEOMETRY and
i. TRIGONOMETRY algebraickly demonttrated ; NA-
VIGATION, both in Théory und Practice,. ASTR UNI:
MY, DIALLING; MEWNSURATION —¢ Snperfities an
Sulli‘s applied to SURVEYIN, GAUGING, niésfuring -
Timber and ‘Tradefment Works; MERCH A::TS AC-
COMPTS, .after the beft Mcthod;. PR’ “JECTION o* th
SP -ERi. on any Plan; calewating -CLIPSES; Ule of -
Inftruments, carefully taugh: in Adani’s-Courr, Proad-Street,
near the Royal-Exchinge. By Tho. Brown. ormerly w't-
ranted School-Maiter in the Reyal Navy; he has Charts,
Globes, Hemifphere’, and Surveying Ivftrumcais for the
Schoo. Seehis Papers at the Entrance =f the Court, and on
the Royal-Exchange. co

| To be SOLD, . | .
Choice Collegtion of Flower Roots, viz. fine Dutch Tue
lips, Enemonies, Ranuculus, an? several other Sors of
Flower Roots. By Nath. Powell, Seeifmany atthe King's
He td near Fetter-Line, in Holborn, London. Where you
may be furnithed with Garden Seeds. °
Next Week will be publlifh’d (dedicated to his Execliency

. the Lord Carterct,) .
*,* The fecoid Volume of D. Gavin’s Mafter-Key to Po-
ry, in cwo vaits ; containing, rft. The Lives and Tranf-
actions of the Popes, or Bithopsof ome, theiy Doétrine and
Authority, &e ‘diy, The Lives and abominable Inz-igues
of feverat Priefts ant Fryers of the Church of Rome. Prin-
ted for J. Stephens at the Bibic in Butcher-Row, nevr Se.
Clement’s Church in the Strand, and fold by A. Bettefworth,
- Osborn, and T. Longman in Pater-Nofter-Ro'v, ant the
Bookicilers of London.and Weltminiter. Where my be had,
Jutt publithed, his firlt Volume, in five Parts (dedicated to her
Roya! Mighnefs the Prince’s o7 Wales,) the 2d Edition, with
large Additions. Price bound in Calf 2s.
Againt th VENEREAL DISEASE.

T HK ramous Italian hOLUS, has fo great Succefs in

the Cure of the Venereal Difeafe, that not one o the
great Numbers that daily take ic mils ofa per cét Cure ; and
tho’ fo very cheap as 2s. 6d each, yet four Bolu%es never:
fail to root out and carry aff the moft malignant, virulent,
and obftinate kind of the vencreal 1 -ifeafe, wi hour Confine-
ment, or making your Cafe known to any; which, if it -ails
todo, the Money is returned This great Medicine like vife
deftroys Mercniy, and carries it out of the Poly, and thereby
relieves thofe untortunate Perfons who have fallen into -bad
Hands in former Cures. Is to be had only at the Flaming
Sword the Corner of Ruffe!-Strect, over-agiinft Will's Cotfee-
Houle, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Place is Coun-
terfeit.

a J Elizabeth Myers, Wife of William
= ED hiyers, Weaver, living in one o* the
Che ten Hones in Coverley’s Fields in Mile

End New ‘Town, having the Misfortune
to have a Piece of Mortar ial! into my left Eye, which oc-
cafioned great Pain and Anguifh (notwithftanding we ufed
fiich Means as we were advifed was proper for the fame) the
faid left Eye became quite Blind, the Sight thereof being
wholly loft, and without any Hopes of ever recovering the
fame ; but being by a Friend direéte1 to Mrs. Catcrin Cae
{tte-Court Birchin-Lane, Cornhi!l, fhe, at firft Sight, promi«
fed under God, to bring me to my Sight again, and did per-
form the fame in as hort a Time as con!d he expected s
and this I doe that Perfons in my late Condition may know
where to apply for Cure, as well as a grateful Acknowledg-
ment for fo great 2 Cure. BE. MYE*‘S. |
Note, She cures without any Inftruament ; and fhe intallibly
Cures the Agne, without the ‘caft Grain of Cortex, or that
tiey cali the Jefnits Bark. Price five --hillings the Vial. No
Letters received except Pott paid.

Jeo, wnic AUSTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Ju- -

len, which is knew: by manv Years Expericnes to bra ne-
ver ailing Medicine in old obftinate fthma’s, whofe fuffo-
cating Fit it vursoff ina Moment; it gives a nerfeéct Relief
in ftraining laborious ‘“onghs, that are u-..uereitully trovole-
fome Sight and Morfing; ‘tis anrft excefleat Remedy for
Shor nefsof Breith upon any Motion, and in Breaching with
Difficulty, Straightne% of the Breaft, with Hoarltnefs and
Wheezing. Nothing exceeds this admirable Jules, for by open-
ing the Rrouchial D cts aid: ?ncumonick Paffees, it pene-
tratesin the inmoft Rec>fles of the f.ungs, and there mesting
with tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Buleg'n, fo attenu2ts,
divides, moves and worksit, that by cwughing ani foicring it
expectorates and throws up all fich matter . th the greareft
Eafe and Pleafure, thereby clean ing and‘iceing che reaft
and Lungs, when ftuffed up and clogged with ane wy Load, and
{fo prevents Confimptions, U'cers of the Lungs, &e. Nore,

It is a fafe and pleafint Medicine ; to be taken by fpoontuls,

accoyding to the printed Directions, without the leaft Confine-
ment, or danger of catching Cold. Tobe had at Mr. George
Strahan’s at the Golden Ball over againit the oyal Exchange,
Comhill, and at noother Place. Pricezs. 6d.

Leétuarium Mirabile: Or, the Admirable Eleétuary
which infallibly cures all Degrees and Symptoms of the
Secret Difeafe, with more Eafe, Speed and Safety, than any
Medicine yet publifh’d ; any old Running, &c. though of fe-
veral Years ftanding, whether occafion’d by rain
Wreaknefs of the Seminals, or the ‘cliéts of 2 former Infecti-
on, is certainly cur’d in a fhort Time, without a Minute’s
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Use of Aftringents ; being a
Meaicine fo wonderfully pleafant and eafy in its Operation,
that the niceft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may take it
with Delight: ‘Two Pots are generally fufficient to compleat
a Cure in moft Cafes. To be had only of the Author Dr. Cam,
a Graduate Phyfician, who has publifhed it 20 Years, and is
conftantly to be advis’d with at his Houfe at the Golden Ball
and Lamp, in Bow Church-Yard in Cheapfide, at half a Guinea

the Pot.

an over-ftrain, — -
 _-

.. . This Day is pub‘ith'd, the 2d Edition, of —

_ _ *,* A Diflertation on the er:treme Folly and Danger of

Infidelity, offer'd to the fobcr Reafon of Mankind ; being
occufion’d by a late virulent Book, falfly intitul’d, A Dif-
courfe on the Grounds and Reafons of the Chriftian Keligion.
By Tho. Curteis, Rector 9f Wrotham, in Kent. Price z s.
thifo, Adv.cé toa Son at the Univerfiry. By the fame An-
thor. Price 1s. Both printed ior R. Wilkin, at the King’s
IHeadin Sc. Paul’s Church-Yard, 3725.

: ~ ‘This Day is publifhed, |

«*, The Adventures of the Priefts and Nuns, &c. Con-
taining many delightful Stcries ; the Contents of fome are
as follows, I. The Adventures of ‘Don Franci{ed, an Inqui-
fitor, wh» debauched a young Lady of fifteen Years, her
cruel Ufuge, and nappy Deliverance. II. Some Account of
the Inquifition. II. The pleafant Adventure of a Carme-
lite Friar, and his Gallant. IV. The wicked Life of a Her-
mit. V. The Kelution of IMabeila's being debauched by a
Friar atthirtezn. VI. The Story ef the Dwarf and Cardi-
nal’s Niece. VII. Some Account of Conteifions, and the
lewd Ufe the Monks and Friars make of it, with many
orhers, .

The Gods are theirs, not ours; and when we pray

For happy Omens, we their Price mut pay ;

In vain at Sbrinesth’ ungiving Suppliant ftands, x

In vain we make our Vows withempty Hands ;

Fat Off’rings are the Priefthood’s only C2rc,

. They take the Money, and Heav n hears the Prayer:

Without 2 Bribe the:r Oracles are mute,

And their inftruéted Geds refufe the Suit. | Dryden
Printed for Tho. Hinton at the White Horfe in Water-Lane
Biack-} ryars, and fold by the Bookfel‘ers of London and
Weftminiter. Price 1s. 6d.

Next Weck will be publifhed, the fecond Edition, with Ad-
‘ ditions and great Alterations, of oe

*.* A General Treatife of Husbandry and Gardening,
containing a new Syftem of Vegetation ; illuftrated with
many Obicry:tions and Experiments, formerly pub ifhed
Monthly, and new methodiz’d and digefted uniter proper
Heads. In four Parts.

_ Part I..Concerning the Improvement of Land, by fertili-:
zing bad Soi's, of ftocking Farnis with Cattle, Poultry, Fith,
Bees, Grafles, Grain, Cyder, &c. ’ |

Part II. Inftruztions to a Gardener, whcrein is demon-'
ftrated the Circulation of Sap, the Generation of Plants,
the Nature of Soi's, Air, dnd Situation. Of the Profits a-
rifing from P.anting and raifing Timber. ; ;

Part III. Of the Management of Fiuit Trees, with parti-
cniar Obfervations relating to Graffing, Inarching, and
- Ino-ulating.

' Part IV. Remarks on the Difpofition of Gardens in ge-
neral. Of the Method of managing exotick Plants and
Flowers, and ‘naturalizing them to our Climate ; with an.
Acc.unt of Stoves, and artificial Heats. In two Votumes,
adorned withCuts. By KR, BRADLEY, Profeffor of Bota-
ny in the Univerfity of Cambridge, and F.K.S._ Printed
for T. Woodward at the Half Moon over-againft St. Dun-
ftan’s Church in Fleet-Street, and J. Peele at the Locke’s-
Head in Pater-Nofter-Row. Price 125.
oe. ; Where may be had, -

I. Mr. Sitzer's practical Fruit Gardener, revifed and
reccommended by Mr. LA WRENCE and Mr. BRADLEY.
_ OL, Mr. Fairchild’s City Gardener. Price 15.

Tac tuRa NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordial
A ‘sin-lure for the Nerves, being an approved, experienced
and never-tailing Medicament in finking; Jangnifhing, and
lownefs of’ Spirits, Palpitation, or Trembling ofthe Heart, in
all poralitick, foporof and convuifive, Diftempers, and in al
Affli.cions of the Head and Nerves; itinfallibly prevents the
bad: Effects of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which oceafions
in moft People the above-mentioned Diforders (with many
more, which you'll fee at large in the printed Book of Directi-
ons) but yet by taking a few Drops of this moft pleafant deli-
cate Cordial, in the firft Dith of Coffee or Tea, youl may then
drink at Liberty ; for this great Medicine penctrates through
the whole nervous Syftem, and fo reemits the Brain and Pree-
cordia with a fall Pnflux of exulting Spirits, which perform the
Bufinefs of vital Funétion with frefh Alacrity, and new Brisk-
_nefs; fothat the Pulfe, which lay feeble and wavering, now

falls a beating vigoroully, and with great Exactnefs 5 more-

over, it wonderfully diferfes Fear, Sadnefs, confufed Thoughts, .

Ff witchings of the Legs and Arms, difturbed Sleep, and all the
ifnal Train of Vapours and Melancholy. It likewife ftops
Vomiting, puts off NaliftoufhefS, procuresa good A
and is now in great Efteem amongft Quality of the fi }
Sold only at G. Strahan’s, Bookfeller, at the Golden Ballin
Cornhill, over-againft the Royal-Exchange, and at no other
Place. Price 2s. 6d. | ne Hair of the Head
mous Golden ESSENCE, forthe riair of the rea
ae Seouwies being the moft charming Perfime in
Nature, and the greateft Preferver of Hair in the World ;
for it caufes that of Perriwigs to retain its Beauty, Strength
and Curl as long again as ufual, and certainly keeps fair
Hair from changing Colour, makes Phair of the Head of

Ladies, and others, become incomparably fine and handfome, .

d immediately caufes it to grow thick to Admiration, even
aponPiices that are bald by its fheddipg. It affuredly changes
red Hair to-a fine nale Colour, and by its delicioys Fragancy
anlivens all the animal Faculties to 1 Miracle it allo per-
fines Handkerchiefs excellently, and is now exceedingly e-
Recmed by the prime Quality of borh Sexes. ‘T'c be ha only
at Mr. R2dfota’s Toy{hop, at the Roft and Crown againft
St Clement's Church-Yard in. the Strand, near Arundel-
Street End. Price 3s. aad-64. 2 Bittle with Directions.

with Directions.

Pa

LONDON: Prined by A. MIST, In

i

of 150 1. or 391]. per Annum, near two very good Mar-

ket Town’, and within z2 Miles of London, in a pleafant

-Country, with very good Farm-Houf:, Barns, &c. Thofe that

-Wint fuch a Farm may enquire and know more Particu-

lars of Mr. Jamcs Stout, at Qeenhithe, or at the Golden Ly-
on Tavern in Qucen-Street, near Golden-Square, London,

Now to be fold at the Coach and Horfes and Bird Cage’
near Whitechapel-Bars, fine Canary Birds of all Co
lours, French and Englifh, and Englifh Birds, different in

C slour from others in their Kind; with all Sorts of Séeds for

-Bir-s” Likewife feverai Curiofities to be feen, and the fineft

Bird-Cage in England.

This Day is publifhed. Price rs.

(To which are prefix’d Memoirs of the Family and Fortunes
of K. Staniilaus, and of the Kevolutionsin Potand, illuftra-
ted with geographical Notes) —

**-Am exact Account of the CEREMONIES obferved
atthe Mariiage of his moft Cariftian Majefty LEWIS the
15th, with the Princefs MARY, Daughter to Stanillaus,
late King of Poland ; containing every material Occurrence
relating thereto, from the Time of her being demanded in
Marriage until the Confummation thereof, -on the sth Day
of Sepr. laft. Together with the feveral Compliments of
Congratulation made to their Majelties on that Occafion.
And alfo the excellent Advice that Prince gave his Dangh-
ter at her Departure from Strasburg. Printed for Tho. Wor-
rall at the Judge’s Head againft St. Dunftan'’s Chure:-in
Fleet-Street, and fold by’ Mrs. Nu:t under the Royal-Ex.-

change, and the Bookfellers in Weftminfter-Halk

AS the HUNGARY WATER WARE.
HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Comb,
a Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage-
Inu on Ludgate-Hill, is fold right French
} Hungary Water, being the fame Sort fold
i Several Years paft, and is ecafily diftingnifhed
from the pernicious counterteit Sort fold a-
ai} bout the Town, pretended to be imported
tpelier, &c, Likewife the following foreign Com-

- modities ale | fold at the faine Place, viz.

e Right French Hungary Water, at 1s. 3d. the Half-Pint
-Ottle.

Fire l'lorence Oil, at 2s. per Flask.

‘Right Irifh Ufquebaugh, at 2s. the Halt-pint Rottle.

Fine Orange-rlower Water, at 1s 6d. per Flask.

Right Barbadoes Citron Water, at 148. per Quart.

Right French Claret at 30 s. per Dozen.

‘Ali Sorts of Leghorn and'Berimuda Hatts for Ladies.

N. B. There is a Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Fiask, te
prevent Counterfeits.

HE pleafintc ODOR IFEROUS TINCTURE for the
' Breath, ‘Teeth and Gums, a féw Drors of which inftant-

ly make the moft offenfive Erearh tinéll inc. parably fine and
charming, and in a very fhort Tiine, perfectly cures, fo that a
difagreeable Breath wi'l never return ; it certainly makes the
blackeft and moft foul Teeth extremely white, clean and teau-
tiful at once ufing, infallibly preferves them trom decaying,
and thofe a little decayed from growing-worfe, abfolutely cures
the Scurvy in the Gums, tho’ never fo inveterate, canfing the
Flefh to grow up tothe Teeth again, when almoft eaten quite
away, and infalibly faftens loofe Teeth to Admiration, In a
Word, for moft delicately perftuming, and quickly curing an
ill-{eented Breath, for immediately making the biackeft Tceth

mok excellently white, certainly faftening them when loofe,

effectuatly preferying them from rotting or decaying, and af-
furedly curing the Scurvy in the Guns, it has not its Equal in
the World. Is now fold only at Mr. Radford’s Toythop, at
the Rofe and Crown againft St. Clement’s Church-Yard in the
Strand; near Arundel-Street End. Price 3s. 6d. a Bottle,

- The PROLIFICK ELIXIR.

4° Medicine of ineftimable Worth for the Cure of BAR-
JA. RENNESS in Women, and IMBECILITY in Men

and that by promoting the c earful Curricle of the Blood and
Juices, raifing all the kluids from thetr languid deprefed State,
Fo one more florid and fparkling, opening all Obftructions,
fortifying the Nerves, encreafing the animal Spirits, reftoring
a juvenile Bloom, and evidently replenifhing the cnifpy Fibres
of the whole Habit with a generous Warmeh and balmy Moi-
fture, and thereby invigorating it to fuch a Degree as not to
be imagin’d, but by thofe who have experienc'd how exceed-
ingly and fuddenly it renovates, recrufts, and powerfully
ftrengthens all the animal Faculties, and generative Powcrs
in both Sexes. It enforces a bright lively Difpofition, banifhes
Melancholy, and infpires Mirth and Gladnefs of Heart, beyond
Expreffion. Abyndance of Ladics, who for feveral Years
were deemedincurably barren, have quickly, after taking it,
conceived, and become fruitful ; and great Numbers of Gen-
tlemen, who, by fat Living, or otherwife, had render’d them-
felves incapable of Procreation, have foon been enabled by
it to propagate their Species ; infomuch, that very many i-
luftrious Families, who, for want of Children, were almoft in-
confolable, are now bie with happy Iffte, and are (under
Providence) indebted to this great Medicine for their Heirs.
It reétifies all Diforders of the Stomach, creates an Appetite,

procures a good Digeftion, and in all Weaknefs of Body, or
G-

ecav of Conftirution of any Kind,.is a_moft admirable Re
mody, and even feems to keep back the Effects of old Age ic
felf. It isto be taken but a few Drops at a Time, hasa very
fine Flavour, is pleafant to the Palace, cordial to the Sto-
mach, and can be had only at the.‘T'wo Blue-Pofts in Haydon-
at ss. a Bottle, with Directions,

Yard in the Minorres,

AK Very good improv'd Farm to be Let by Leafe of 21 Years ©

. Cures, not only cleanfing the Urinary Pa

_—
-

* * A Rational ani Ufeful Account of the Vene

e sh r
eafeé: With Obfervations on the Nature, § poor: pit
Cure, and the bad Confequence thar attend by ill Manaige-
ment; with proper Admonitions ; recommended asa Friead’y
Initructior ‘to all Perfons who do, or may labour under this
- Misfortune. Alfo a fhort Enquiry into old Gleets, and other
Weakneffes ; and the Xeafon why they are fo feldom cur'd =
With the Author's Method of Cue?" To which is added. -
fme Hints on the Practical Scheme, the Methods and Me-
dicines theicii expofed, and the grofsImpofitions juftly de-
tected. Wirth an Account of Specificks; the Ufe and A bufe
of the Name, and how it covers Igaorance arid a Gheat>The
8th Kdition, corrected, with Add tions, By Jofeph Cani. M.D. ~
Printed for, and fold by G. Strahin againtt the Royil Ex-
chang: ; W. Mears without Temple-Bur; C. King in Weft. ~
minfter-Hail ; T. Norris on London-Bridge;.and J. Baker a-"_
gainft Hatcon-Garden in Holborn. Price Stitch’d in Marble —
Paper 1s. -

Next Week will be publifhed, - ,
LETTER from a Perfon that Dwelt Half a Yearin’ |
the MOON, concerning Birds of Paffige, Withu Cu- |
rious Draught Shewing How the Perfon Got Up to the
MOON, and Came Sae Back again. Alfo of a Great CO-.
MET or BLAZING STAR that is to be. This Book is °
Given Gratis Up One Pair of Stairs at the Sign of the |

on tt’ 3 : wie £5 +} Lead Ye ¥
{ : NEREY, . e Qo . Na . fi , DAE Lie

NW SR 2SDeeoo™ shay
Nes VECKLACY say >

rad *
ww ? ~ ‘ ”
he <P) M.S 4.
tie’, vw
. D ‘ows
— . gt, * sae OY

Recommended by Dr. Chamberten for Children’s Teeth with-
out Temple-Bar. At Mr. Jer. Pain’s, the Firt Toyfho in ,
Pope's Head-Alley.from Cornhill. At Mr. Greg’s Bookfel- ~

_ ler at Charing -Crofs. And by R. Bradihaw by Soho-Square.
THE. moft fevere RHEUMATISM, andall Rheumatick |

Pains of the- Limts, &c. whcther fix'd or wanderin
moft certainly cured, fo as not to return agains b incompae
rable Chymical Drops, which without the leaf Trouble or
Diforder, entirely frees the Patient from that emel Difeafe in
a wonderful Manncr ; for they immediately reftore a due and
¢q:ial Circulation to the Fluids, inthe minuteft Canals, by
efrectually attenuating and fubduing the fatal Lentor, or
vifCid Matter, that cccafions all the M {thiefs, infomuch that
all manner of Pain, though neyer fo violent, or of many Years
ftandiog, pref{.ntly vanifhes, tothe Admiration of all who
have taken them, who could not believe it in the Power of
Medicine to give fich fudden, and almoft miraculous Eafe, -
till happily convinced by their own Experience. Hundreds °
who had been miftrably affii¢ted with the Rhenmatifin for
many Years together, and, alter trying moft other Remedies,
defpaired of being ever iclieved, have been almoft inftantly |
cured by thefe mot escetlent Dreps, which were‘never fo
much as once known to fiil. They are ver? agreeable to take,
and for Safety might be given toa fucking Infant without
Wuconvenience. Are fold only at Jacob's Coffee-Houle over-
againft the Angel and Crown ‘Tavern in Threadneedle-ftreet,
behind the Royal Exchange, at xs. 6d. a Bottle, with

T the Dove and Golden Ball in Salisbury-
« Court, Fleet-ftreet, liveth a Genrlewoman
that prepares the moft excellent Cofmetick or
Beautiticrs yet known, as that moft noble Pre-
paration of Pearl, witha particular beautify-
See ng Finid, both which ufed by Ladies of the
SS firit Quality; they, with Surprize take away
semeieesss Kednels, Pimp'cs, Roughnefs, Worms, Mor-
phew, Seurr, Sun-burn, Freckles, Wrinkles,~Pits of the
mall-Pox, with other Defilements of the Skin. Likewife
fhe prepares a fine Italian Cream :or the Face, Neck, and:
Hands, which plumps and fimooths the Skin to Admiration =
the Nuns White-Pots, and Tower-Street Pots, with an Eaft-
India Chinefe Red Liquor, none having the Secret but her-
felf: It gives a moft natural and lafting Bluff, that no Perfon .
can diftinguith when on the Face, and not to be rubbt’d off
Alfo tobe had, the red Crown Cakes, White-Pafte, or Cakes:
for the Face, or Hands, and all other Cofinetickstormerly fold
here by Mrs. Hockle. N. B. She has a chymical Liquor whieh -
alters red or grey Hair toa light or dark Brown. ,

. WRIGHT's Dieuretick, or cleanfing Tinégture.

>. =

‘ Wien urinally difcharges all the feces or putrid reficks of

. the Lues Alamode, or Venereal Infection, and caufes?
its Concomitants, the wretched-Train of that complicated’
Diftemper, asa mucous, filthy, fanious Matter lodg'd in the:’
Reins, or fpermatick Parts, which eithercaufe a tharpnefs in‘
the Urine, or too trequently provokesit. This Relick is’
difcoverable, partly by the fifequent Symptoms, viz. by a
Lebility or WeaknefS of the Back, a fetid maufeons, and’
averting Smeil of the Urine, with a purulent Matter, or
feculent Sordes, refiding at the Bottomy or flying in, it, with:
Variety of Figures. Farther, this Tincture elpecially carries
off all Relicks of the Venereal Difeafe, after il! managed
of all Sand,”-:
Gravel, Films, or membraneous Pellicles, &c. but after a
fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftoring them, arid
all their genital Parts to their original Tone and Ufe, though
the Misforcune and Decay be of the longeft Date, with an e-
ual Succefs in each Sex. To be had for i9s.per Bottle, with
irettions for its Ufe, only athis Houfe, the Golden Hea
and two Lamps.in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate HI. an

Great Cavter-lL.anz.
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 6 Nov. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786208/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 