- = oe me

i aellil ont ieee a
‘ st

ee — eee

oe
> 4!
yo

-° 3S

“ee

~~ -

4

‘epirtace tb
Ss a ;

.. . Teas ~
wee aN s oyw _ 1
wea. RO

# ‘ z . . ‘ wr
a eer
¢ A
-5e e
a ae “~~

ww

(3069 )

- #.ce of . . . ee. « ® - O46
aa ie c Pee. - - 7
>

ELIA

Ro 323

SATURDAY, January 2, 1724-5. | ,

Tu Nihil invita dices faciefse Minerva. Hor.
Ceft en Vain, qu ‘at Paviallc un temeraive Juteur,

| Penfe de V'Art de Vers atteindve la Hautenr,
Sil ne fent point du Ciel PInflience crete,

Si fon Aftre en naiffant ne Ua forme icete. Boileau.

arrespa HAVE ‘here quoted the
ty S} Authority of rhe rwo bett
Peers, as well as Criticks,
of their own Natjons, and
of their own Times, to
prove, that a Man, who
has not from Nature re-
ecived the divine Genius
of aPoct, will never be .a-
» ble to produce any Thing
~ in that Way, worthy the
Artention of the Publick.

There is a Story of one
La Meiardieve, who writ
a Treatife in Profe, upon
the Art of Poetry, which
R feems, was well. received. --+ Encouraged by this Succefs,
he attempted a Tragedy, and cffered one to the Publick, un-
der the Title of Alinde. — Tho’ this Piece abounded with

ood Incidents, and was written up to the Severity of the

ules, yet, altogether, it did not pleafe. Some Perfons,
ini Converfation with Monficur Boileau, taking Notice of the
ill. Succefs of this Play, produced it as an Inftance to prove,
thar the Riles of the Drama were of no Significance, or Ad-
vantage to fuch Writers, as obferved them. But Hoilea
anfwered, that the ill Succe{s of thar Play, was not to be im-
piited to the Obfervation of the Rules, but to the Omitfhon of
fome of them; for fays he, the firft and moft effential of all
the Rules is wanting, which is the Genius of a Poet.

Abbe D'Aubieniac, Author of an excellent Treatife, called
La Pratique de Theatre, alfo writ a Tragedy, which had no
better Succefs than that before named. ——— Yet he boafted,
that he had exactly follow’d the Rules of Ariftotle.
Upon whieh, a Writer of thofe Times makes this Remark,
that Abbe D’Aubieniac might do very well to keep up to the
Rules of Ariftotle, but for his Part, he never would forgive
Aviftotle, if it was he that made -ibbe D'Aubigniac fo wretched.
a Poet. -

I have, (I believe, as 2 Punjfhment for my Sins,) been
tempted, fince my laft, to read three extraordinary Produ-
&ions in the Dramatick Way, viz. Love in a hollow Tree; Man-
gora, King of the Timbutians;, and Cefar in Egyp:. _

I undéerftand, that the Authors of all thete fine Pieces, are.

7.1

| till living ; now, I would enquire of fome Councel, learned
_ in the Law, whether I have not two very good Aétions a-
_ gainft thefe Gentlemen ; ~---- one for the Money the Plays

coft me, and rhe other, for my Lofs of Time in Reading

them. —-ge—— Ar Jentt, Iam very well ferisfy’d, thac an: -
impartial Jury would. allow me very good Cofts for the.
* Jatrer.

1 find, thar the Author of CESAR IN EGYPT, has

_-ftedy’d the other two, and formed his ‘rafte npon their Stile,

And, in fome Particulars, he goes beyond thérm, <--3

_ He feems to have a great Averfion to the Englith ‘Tongue,

and mangles it without the leaft Mercy : We may fay of him;
what Sir obn Falfaf did of the Welch-Man, be makes Frit-
ters of Englif; in fhort, he has fo apparently bore the Palm
from them-in this Way, that as foon as I had done reading
his Play, T could not help breaking out into this Bxcta-

Immortal Cibber, reigns without Difpute;
Thro’ all the Realms of Nonfenfe abfolute.

But to fpeak a little more ferioufly upon this Subje&,
we mutt confefs, thar the Properties and Delicacies of
Language, are uot known to every Man who writes in it:
A Liberal Education, as well as Study and Obfervarion,
feem neceffary towards attaining thofe Perfeftions, yet where
fhould we expeft to find them, but upon the Stage? ‘That
Place, which was once the Standard of its Purity, under the
pretent ignorant “Mavagement, is like to prove the Foun-
tains of as srruption. J can fcarce believe my Eyes, whilé
Tread this ‘Tragedy, T think ic ftrange thar the Author could
no. Commuvicrie it ro {ome Perfon, who underftood the com
mon Parts ef Speech, before he brought it upon the Sr

t ‘ * ‘ e $
tnat cne Stile ts coarfe and unelegant, is no more than what °

may bs fourd in other ordinary Writers, but Grub-Street
from all its choufard Garrets, never fenr fo mich falfe Gram-
mar and bad Eny:isfh into the World. —

I: was my Defign to meddle no more with the’ Poctry of
this incomprehertible Writer, for a Thing, which is all
Faults is below all Criticifm; bur, I am advifed, that my
Readers expef it from me, and as I make it my Study to
gratify them, I fhall therefore take a little Notice of hin
to Day. a

A judicious Writer knows thar the higher his Charaftery
are.ina Tragedy, there fhould be the more noble Simplicity
appear in their Language, all Terms which are harfh crab-
bed ard low, are to be carefully avoided; it is this elegant
Plainnets, which makes the Pfalms of David, and the Book
of ¥ob, in the holy Writ, appear as beautiful Poems. Ler it
be confidered how Shakefpear has made Yulias Cefar fyeak,
us alfo Brutus and Caffius; there isa fhort Speech of ch fun
which comes into my Head. | ae

Rome thou haft loft thy Breed of noble Bloods:
When went there by.an Age, fince. the great Flood,
Bue it was famed with more than with one Man?
When could they fay, till now, thar @lked of Rume,:
That her wide Walls encompafs'd but one Man.

Nothing’ can be more eafy or intelligible, at the fame Time
that it poffeffes us with the fame Paffians of the Speaker,
which is the Chara@er of the true Sublime. -
This Manner of writing, is nor only beautifpl, but e-
treamly natural; for Perfons of a higher Buink, are abfer-
ved to exprefs themfelves with great Eafe and Freedam,
whereas Men of Jow Degree, who want the. Advantages of

Literature, find a Difficulty in making rthemfélves underftaed - .
upon the moft common Occafions. If one of my Hawkers tells a

Story,you will oblerve ‘bis Terms fo ambiguous, and Phrafes fo
_ '  ~perplexed,

i~

.*

fs

*
as
 oe -  ( d010 )

pe vexed that you are left to guefs his Meaning: There iS
d yreat deal of this Impotence and Ob{curity, in this Play;
‘when. Antony informs Cefar, that the Captains of his Legions
poutiny, Cefar anfwers, So, | ]

| They inuft bequell’d, -- proceed ~- their Grievances,
Give me the Terms of Infolence that {poke them. —

if I knew the Meaning of all this, I fhould be willing to
impart ir, bur fince it is beyond. my Learning, I'm for ten-
ding the Play over to Holland, to puzzle the Dutch Comen-

But Cefar {peaks generally worfe in this Play (if that
be pofhible) than any. other Character, Witnefs this fine

“While Crowns and Scepters catching in my Robe,
In- vain fhould clog the Flight of my Ambition. —

- This Speech would do very well for Harlequin. dres’d in
ga ragged Gown, or for Geta in Dioclefian, for that Crowns and
Scepters catching in bis Robe, gives fuch a ridiculous Idea, that
. itis only fit for Farce, There is a Rhapfody of young: Fto-
'. Jemies, which is fpecial Nonfenfe: Being told, that Cefar
__ and Cleopatra pafs'd the Night together, he breaks as out follows.
May forked Lightning rivet their Embraces!
1 would recommend fome of this forked Lightening to our
Carpenters and Joyners, if Cibber will Jet us know where it is
to be had ; nay, if ie has the Quality of riveting, I think he
had berter get a Parent for it himfelf. I don’t doubr, but if
_ he had publifhed Propofals in that. mad South-Sea Year, it
weuld have made a tolerable foot Bubble, and I would fill
' advife him to fell Shares of it in Change-Alley. In fhort,
the Thing is fo ridiculous, there is no-treating of it {erioufly.
As for Cleopatra, he has made her a perfe&t Moll Frisky, and
I fufpe& that while he was writing this Charaer, he de-
- figned it for the Farce of Harlequin Sheppard, in order to help
out his Brother Wir, Mr. Tharmond: Thefe two Gentlemen
may have Parts, but it {cems to me, as if they had mifappliced
them: To make my felf better underftood, I would have
Cibler dance, and Tzunmond ewrite, which may tend much to-
wards improving our publick Diverfions.

The placing Latin Mortos at the Head of every Aa,
is fuch an AffeG&ation of Learning, as we have not feeu before :
but prjthee, dear Ciéber, go to School and learn a little Eng-

lip, before you attuck us again in an unknown Tongue; I”

know thou may'ft tranfcribe what thou doeft not underftand,
but thou ftill fhews thy Want of Senfe : If thou thinkeft here-
by to impofe upon Perfons who have any Knowledge in Let-
ters, for they know full well, thac he, who does not under-
ftand Grammar enough, to write one Sentence of true Englif,
“ can never be able to conftrue Lucan or Virgil. But grant,

we fhould believe thee as knowing in Latin, as in Eng-
- lith, ’tis no great Credit to pafs for a Dunce in more Languages

than one; meddle no more with Pectry, thou haft not fo much
- gs an Idea of what ir is, --- believe me, thou can’ft as well
' yaifea Mountain, asa Verfe; the Mufes have nor given thee

a Call, I remember what Boileau faid of fuch another as
- thee, :

Dans fon Genie eftroite il eft toujours Captif;
Pour luy Phebus cft fourd, ct Pegafeeft reftife.

| Thou art imprifoned within thy navrcw Genius, Phabus is deaf th
thee, and thy Pegafus proves a vefly Yade. But fince thou haft

‘ neither Judgment enough to write, nor to Ict it alone ; hear
whar I fay to thee. ,

Tu quid Ego et Populus mecum defideret audi.

“Hear, I fay, what I the Voice of the People, demand of
thee in their Name, that the next Play thon fhalt fteal (as
{teal thou.certainly wilt) thou purloin from the Authors, who
‘ have writ in thy own Mother Tongue, fo that chou may’ft

have nothing to do, but barcly to tranfcribe; for obferve
wharl fay to you, if there be one Sentence of your own, we,
‘who fhall .be prefenc the firft Night, are refolved ene and
all, to infift upon having our Money again.

FOREIGN, AFFAIRS.
The Execution of fume of the Lutheran Magiftrates, of
- the Town of Thorn, hus made a great Noife, and terrified
the Inhabitants of the Town of Dantzick, and other Places,
where the Lutheran Religion is tolerated ; and the more be-
caufe a Body of Polith Troops was in Motion, which feem'd
to dire& their March towards that City, the People think-
- inp nolefs thahehat their Cathedral was either to be demo-
lithed, or taken away and given to the Roman Catholicks ;
but their Confternation is now atan End, upon Advice, that
the fatd Body have taken another Rout. According to our

firft Accounts, the Sentence pals’ tipon thele Maziltiares tap
peared unjuft and barbarous; but fince that ‘lime; a:toug
Narrative has been p-blifhed’ on the Side of the Jefuirs,

giving, (asthey pretend) a truc and faithful Account of the |

firtt Beginning and Progrefs of this unhappy Affair, which
makes the Lutherans dlrogether the AggrefPors. By the beft,
and moft impartial Judgment we can make upon reading. the
difterent Relations.on both Sides, it appears, as if a Spirit of
Fanaticifm had fired up the Luth¢rans to aifront the Ro-
man Catholicks; fo that there was a great deal of Rath-
nefs on one Side, and terrible Severiry on the other.
-. They write from Mofcow, that two Tartarian Noblemen,
lately arrived. ar chat Place, in their Way to Petersburg,
where they. are going to puy their Compliment to the Czar.
His Czarith Majefty has received Advice, that Meriweys feems
determined againft. accepting the ‘Terms’ ftipulated-for him,
by the late Treaty of Conttantinople, and thar he is drawing
in the Arabians to his Succour. os a

We are advifed from Rome, that the Chevaliere de St.) George,
frequently comes Poft to that City, from his Country Palace of
Albano, in order to confer wirh certain foreign Minifters
and Cardinals, and that he has been much vifited of late by
fome Cardinals, who were fuppofed to be in the Iinperial In-
tereft, which does not a little amule the Curious.

LONDON, Fanxary 2.
On Sunday laft, dy'd Thomas Guy, Efquire, formerly a

great Money getting Bookfeller in Lombard-ftreet, and .
Member of Parliament for the Burough of Tamyorth. Soon -

after the Revolution, in1688. he built a Town-Houfe for
that Corporation, which coft him 1oool. and likewife an

| Hofpital for the Maintenance of 12 ancient Men, and 12 an-

cient Women; and allowed 10}. per Annum to the Mi-
nifter of the Town, and the like Sum to a” Diffenting
Teacher. He ere&cd a new Ward in St. Thomas’s-Hofpi-
tal, at the Expence of 30001. and endowed the fame. He
afterwards ercied an additional Building to the faid Hofpi-
tal for Incurables, which, together with the Endowing, coft
him 200,0cof. He gave icool. to the Company of Sratio-
ners, the Intereft thereof ro be applied to the Poor of the faid
Company for ever. He gave at feveral Times 5001. to the
Workhoufe in Bifhopleare--ftreet: He has lett qo0!. per
Annum for ever to Chrift’s Hofpiral, befides “many other
publick and private Charities. ‘The. Refiduc of his Eftatc
amounting to about 60,000 |. he hath left amoug his Relations.
He hath appointed Sir Gregory Page’ Buronet, Peter. Joy Elq;
Mr. Kendrick, Doftor Méad, and Door Plumptree, wit
four others, the Executors of his laft Will and Teftament.
He was born in the Year ie in or near Aldetmanbury in
London, He is to be interred at St. ‘Thomas's Hofpital, from
Stationer’s Hall near Ludgate, two Hundted of the Bluc-
Coat, Children of Chrift’s Hofpital being to attend the Fu-
neral.

The Honourable Mr. Finch, his Majetty’s Envoy Extra- |
. ordinary tothe StatesGeneral, is arrived here from Holland.

There was latcly Wrought to the South-Sea Company’s
Houfe, from on Boal their annual Ship the Reyal Prince,
newly arrived, three Hundred and feventy Chefts of Silver,
each Cheft containing four thoufand Pieces of Eight.

The Committee of Shipping at the Souith-Sca-Houfe, haye
hired a great Number of Harpooniers and. other Perfons ne-
ceffary for carrying on the Greenland Fifhery.

Sir Richard Everet is appointed Governor of North Caro-
lina, in the Room of Cant. Barrington. .

Edenburgh, Dec. 22. ‘Laft Friday Major Mackintofh was
brought hither Prifoner, under a ftrong Guard of Soldiers,
and was fent Yefterday Morning to Dunbar, where he was
received by a Party of the Grey-Horfe, who are to condut
him to New-Caftle, from whence we hear he isto be fent-to
London by Sea. ) ae os

The Penzance, Capt. Tho. Friend, a new Vefiel, bound for
Roan, and laden with Wheat, was in her firft, Voyage, loft
fome Days ago near Hith¢ in Kent, and three Men drowned.

Mr. M'fi,

Ree over Cardinal Duke de Richilieu's compleat Sratef- .

man, or political Will, from whence Lewis the X1Vth.
took his Maxims and Meafures' of’ Governmeut, I was @x-
ceedingly delighted with a Chapter in the 2d Part,where-

in he fhews, that the Happinefs of’a Srate, is the Eltablith-.-

ment of the Reign of God. Ihave taken the Pains to tran-

feribe ir, and fubmit to your Prudence, whether it may deferve |

a Place in your Paper.

The Reign of God, is the Principle of the Government of.
States, and, indeed, itis a Thing fo abfoluccly negeflary, thac -

without that Foundation, it is impoffible for any Prince to rule
well, or for any State to be happy.

Te

=-s em me ee le
 oo A a Oy Os ptt: .

eed
. een we ee Ne in PUREE IE rts. an = not amen mane -.

ad

“

"Lard, which being contvary to Law;

fo fevere.

‘their Reign, ftra

ir, fo
‘pocrily

No 333 «

It would be eafy to write whole Volunies tipoti fo impor-
tent a Subjett, for which Scripture; the Fathers, and all forcs
of Hiftories, furnifh us an intnite Number of Examples, of
iextEC and Jixhortations, which all rend to the Jame End ;

ut all Men are fo fenftble, by their own Reafon, that their
Original does not proceed from themfelves, but that a God is
their Creator, and confequenrly their Dire&tor, that they all
fecl this Truth imprintéd in their Hearts, with indelible
Charafers, ,
So many Princes have uhdone thermftlves, und their States,
y laying the Foundation of their Condu& upon a Judgment
éontrary to their own Knowledge, and fo many have been
loaden with Bleflings, in fubmitting their Authority to thaz,
frum whom it was derived, for having only fought their Gran-
deur, in that of their Creator, and for having taken: more
Care of bis Reign, than of their own, that I will enlarge
nO farther ona Truth too evident, to ftand in need of any
Prvot. , .
I will only fay this, that asit is impoffible that the Reign

- of a Prince, who futters Diferder and Vice to Reign in his

State, fhould be happy, fo'God will not eafily permit his to
be unhappy, who takes a particular Care to cftablith bis Em-
pire within the Extent of his Dominion. ]

Nothing can be of greater Ufe to fuchan Eftablifhment,
than the Regularity of Princes Lives, which is a Law that
{peaks and perfuades with more Efficacy than all thofe they
could ena& to induce People to follow the Good they would
procure. :

If ic be true, that whatever Crime a Sovereign may fall
into, he Sins more by thee ill Example he gives, than by the
Nature of his Fault: Ir is no lefs certain, that whatever
Laws he may ‘make, if -he pra&ifes what he prefcribes, his
Example is no lefs. ufeful towards the Obfervation of his
Will, than all the Penalties of his Ordinances, tho’ never

_ "The Purity of a chaft Prince will hanifh more Impurity out
of his Kingdom than all the Ordinances he could . publifh to
that End. oo
_ The Prudence and Diferetion of thofe who avoid fwearing,
will fooner put a Stop to the Oaths and Blufphemies, which
are too common in States, than all the Rigours they can
exert agaipft thofe who addi&' themfelves to fuch Execra-
tions. c
Not but it is abfolutely neceffary at the fame Time to
chaftife Scandals, Swearing and Blafphemies, with the ut-
sioft Severity ; it is a Thing, in which Princes can never be
‘too exa&; for let the Life of a Prince, or of a Magiftrate,
be never fo godly and regular, they will never be reputed
to have berformed their Duty, unlefs while they invire Peo-
ple'to it by their Example, they alfo force them to it, by the
Rigour of their Laws.

Hi the Sovereigns of the World are obliged, by that Prin-
ciple, to: promote the Converfion of thofe, who living under
out of the Road to Heaven: But as Man

is reafonable by his Nature, Princes perform their Duty, in

pradifing all reafonable Means to attain fo good an End ;

and Prudence does not allow them to attempt any fo hazar-

. dous, as to run the Rifque of pulling our the good Wheat,
ia endeavouring to remove Diffention, which it would be
difficult to’ purge a State of by any Means, but thofe of.

Mildnefs, without expoling itto a tottering Condition, capa-
ble to ruin jit, or, at leaft, to caufe a notable Prejudice
to it.

As Princes are ebliged to cftablifh the true Worfhip of God,
they muft be very careful to banifh the falfe appearances of
! rejudicial to States, that one may truly a » that Hy-
has often ferved asa Veil to cover the Deformity of
the moft pernicious Arcempts. , . .

‘Many. Perfons, whofe Weaknefs 1s equal to their Malice,
fometimes ufe that kind of Varaith, which is the more com-

-monin oman, in that their Sex is more inclined to Devo-

tion, and that the little Force it is attended with, make them

the more-capable of fuch Bifguifes, which fuppofes lefs Soli-

dity than Cunning. |
Yours, Sc °

ago, a Perfon that was roafting his Coffee, at

Some Days
Me he! Kiso ‘Roafting-houfes, ‘was ‘obferved’ to. throw

fthe Ki
into rhe Roatter ¢ with the Berries, a eonfiderable Quantity of
complaint was made

and the Fa& being

They write from Tiverton, of the 26 paft, that the Wed-.
nefday before, the new Charter granted to that Town, was

thereof to the Commiffioners: of Excife,

“proved upon him, he was fined 301.

_ received with preat Rejoycing.

“Dutch Ship from Curaffau put in lately at Foway,. thro’

’ Sterfgof Weather, having throwa over-board 28 Guns, and
aller Avchors. | :

=
bed

¢ il)

AYEY good sccuftomed Of Shop, with Grocery @

alf> Tobetco, with ali Mareria's fixed:
inuéced for ‘Frade, and in a very picafént Part of
other Conveniencies adjoining. Enquise of Mr. Ja

t42 Ship near Temple-Bar ju Fleet-ftrees.

. _  ”~. To be fold:
A Pack of geet Hatciers, belonging tothe iace Sir Robert Rich, of Sunnii
tas in Berkthire; whereany Perfon may be tartner intormed concernihg the
d Hounds; as alfo ac this late Seat at Chedworth in Gloucefterthice, tt

Maoner, w
iu, COgether with
“Cys Buck‘clict, at

which ¥lace they may bé feen

‘Juk publithed, the ad Edicion
6° o XVI Patmots a everal Oscafions ‘ sed
ry of Univeria’ ve a harity. OF the -
courfes_ upon Occafion of the Piepae. Of St. Perce ‘ben Patton. of
which Chri buile bis Church. Of the Faith of Abraham. Of Chrift bee.
ing the Bread of Lite. Of che Original of Sin aiid Mifery. . -OF Biedtion
and Keprodacion, being a Paraphraie on Rom: ix: The Prefent Lite $
Scare of Probation, in order ro a furore Lite. Thar Chrift’s Admonittans
to his Apoftles, belong univerfally ro all Ciriffians, By Samuel Clarke,

D. D. Refor of Sr. mes’ , W, {tmi . . .
the Crown in Se. oe Church-Yard. fer. Ptinted tor Jaines Kenapton, au

_.To be’ fold by the MAKER
DWARD WARMAN, Sen: at the knave of

Clubs on Windmill-Hill, near upper Moorfields, Lon:
don, the following fmark’d’ layi & . ‘ale oc
Rerail, at reafonable Rates? ya Toe, Reale OF

1 black Prince.
since of Helle, Venos Baflerr, Fine Pickett, Ship Oe
bro, . rincipal Fine, Greyhound, Fox and Goof, Se-
N. B, ‘They thall bé feat to any Pars, by receiving ¢
Letcer by Poit, and for Bxpercation they “ue Dog ;
. a,

articularly, Of che Great Due .*

free,

jutt publithed fina neat Pocket Volume) the fifeh Edition with A¢-
itions, o |

i The Compleat Gametters or fuli and eafy InftraQions for

nitying at {above twenty feveral Gemes upow the Cards, vin Ome

bre, Baffet, Picpuer, Laut-rloo, Whit, Bragg, Cribbage, Put, Gleck

Ail Fours, Five Cards, Coftly Colours, RBoneace, Wit znd Reafon.

Art of Memory, Plaindealing, Queen Nazarcen, Pennegh, Puft and

Pair, Bank-f:let, with fome diverting Fancies and Tric upon the

func, now firit adicd, As likewil: che Games upon the Tahles 2
the Roya) Gam-> of Chefs, acd Biliiarde, With the Arts and Mee
fterics of Ridings Racing, Archery, Cockfighting and Bowling, Sold
»tthe Golden Flower-de Luces in wittle-britaii. Price 23.
HE VAPOURS inWomen infillibly cur’dfin an Inftant; fo as ney

Drenun again, by an admirable chymical Secret, a few Drops of whies
takes off a Fit ina moment, difpcle Sadnefs, clears the Hand, takes
away all Swimming, Giddinefs, Dimncf of Sight, Flu fhings ia the Face
dc. toa Miracle, and moft certainly prevents the Vapours returning
again; for by rooting out the very Cauft, it -perfo@ly cures, as Hun-
dreds have experienced : It alfo ftrengthens the Stomach and Boweis,
ond canfes Livel.nefs a: d fcttled Health. Isnow fold only ar Mr. Rad.
ford’s Toy fhop, at the Rofeand Crown againit St. Clemont’sChurch-
yirdia the Strand, near Arundel-Street End. Price 2s. 6d.a Bottle
with Direftions: Beware of Countcrfeits at other Places,'

They write from Gloucefter, that they have fet inp d'nev
Affembly in that City, which is to pelea once & fone
night in Winter, and once a Month in Summer; thefe Ler-
ters add, that a Gentleman who lives at Slymbridge, in thae
County, has a Goofe now living, which is above fixty Years
old; and that che very laft Scafon the hatched‘ two Brocds
of young ones.

A few Days ago Edward Cook, Efg; dy'd at Highnam,
in Gleucefterthire, in the 77th Year of -his age, univerially
lamented by all that’ knew him.

We have an Account from York, that a Marriage is treat~
ing of between the Lord Vifcount Prefton, and a Daughter
of Mr: Garforths, arich Merchant in that City, and thas
the Lady's Fortune will be upwards of twenty thonfand
Pound.: - oo owe,

Some few Nights ago, a poor Man was found by the
Watch in Holbourn, dying in the Street, and before they
could carry him into a Houfe he expired; ke was go Years
old, and ‘tis thought perifhed for Want. | :

_ There was lately brought to the South-Sea Company's
Houfe, . from on Board the Royal Prince; rewly arrived,
370 Chefts of Silver, cach Cheft containing 4a00 Pieces‘ of
Eight, a great Part of which hath been ordered to becoin'd
he faid Company h d with about 80 Harpion

The faid Company have agreed with about 80 Harpioneers.
to be imploy'd inthe Greenlend Fifhery. “proneerss
_ Laft Sunday the Hon. Mr. Finch, his Mgjey’s late Minifter
at Stockholm, arrived here from Holland. ° ,

The Countefs of Albermarle is recovered of the Small-Pox,
Asis alfo the Earl of Hertford’s Daughter, who hath béen il}
of the fame Diftemper. | .

-On_ Saturday iaft, Commodore Matthews was try'd on
Board his Majefty’s Ship the Sandwich, in the Rivér Med-
way, and found Guilty of two fmall Mifmanagements,’ and
mul@ed for the fame four Months Pay } ier

‘Laft Saturday ‘Night, a Watchman, belonging to ‘St. An=

drew's Holborn, and another Watchman belonging ; to- St.

Dunftan’s, quartel’d in Caftle"Yerd; near Chancery-Lase, and
the former kill'd the lattet, the“Coroner's Inqueft- having
brought in their Verdi& wilful Murther, he was thereupon cows
mitted to Newgate, a,
 + oe Se re Te te ee
>

‘\

ee

aH

«

Houfard, the French Barber, who was
e Murder of his Wife, had the Folly,
while he day j gatc, to carry on a criminal Converla-
tion wich a Gir t ufed to cuine to him there, and chat fhe
is now with Child by him. . :

The Inhabirunts of. the ‘new Mint in Ratclife-Highways
have not thought fit to ftay fur the Excution of the intended
A& of Parliament agairft them, but have decamp’d of them-
felves, all the unhappy Shelrcrers being gone toa Man, fo-

We are told, ¢l
executed here {f

- that row no unufual Difturbances are feen there, nor the leaft

Refiftance made to the Execution of the Law.
A Ship from Bourdeaux, Captain Feedam, bound for Lever-
ole, was lately loft within § Miles of Leverpolc.
~ Laft Monday died in Queen’s-Square, Ormond-fircet, the
Lady Smith, Wife to Sir Jonn Smith. ,
hey write from Paris, Dec. 29. N. S That onthe 26th,
they began to Coin 350 Marks of Gold into Specie, which th
King defigned to give away in New-Years Gifts. :
The William and. Mary Yatcht is ordered to be got ready,
to carry his Grace the Duke of Hamilton-and Brandon to
France. ta
Mr. Curtis is made fecond Lieutenant of his Majecfty’s
Ship the Dover, in the Room of the Honourable Mr. Ha-
milton, Brother to the Lord Belhaven, who died lately at
Lisbon. ; |
Mr. Aaron Gibbs, an eminent Rag-Merchant_ in Red-
Lion-ftreez, Clerkenwell, died on Tuefday laft, reckon’d worth
40,000 |. _
On Monday Night Iaft, feveral Men and Women in dif-
guifed Habits, were apprehended in a Houfe in Hart-Streer,
Covent-Garden, many of them fufpe&ed to be Sodomitcs,
one having bcen convied aft Seffions for Sodomitical Pra-

| Gices: They were confined that Night in the Gatchoufe,

and other Places, and the next Day were carried before {c-
veral Juftices of the Peace, who proceeded againft them ac-
cording to Law, which, ‘tis hop'd, will be a Warning to
"Fadefmen and their Wives, Servants, Apprentices, &c. who
frequently are decoy’d into fuch unlawful Affemblies, as was
the Cafe of fome at the aforefaid Mecting, who, we are in-

formed, were difcharged, on Promife nor to refort to fuch

Places any more.
We arc informed from Italy, that a Courier is difpatched

-by the'Dike Sforza, with the Infignia of the Order of the
_ Golden Spur, to the Ambaflador from the Univerfiy of
Cracow, in the Room of James Baker, Eurl of ‘Lateran,

ard Earon Nothing, of Nothing ; und, asthe Ambaffador is a

“Gentleman of very uncommon Qualities, ‘tis not doubted, but

he will \ikewife fucceed in the Barony.
Laft Fridxy died Captain Jackfon, of Crawford, in Kent,

late a Commander of 2 Man of War, who fignalized himfelf —

in feveral A€tions in the Sea-Service, in one of which, he
had the Misfortune to lofe a Leg. He was once broke, for
not atrending a Court-Martial in the Mediterranean, when a

‘ . . 8 serh , P . . .
certain Captain was try’d, but was rcftored with Honour toa Stealing, nor any other —— 'T. B.. or if any Perfon can know

better Ship when he camo home. He has lett behind him rhe

Chara&er of a’brave and an honeft Gentleman.
' They write from Deal, Dec. 25. That the Night before, .

about 9, 2 Sloop Jaden with Stone from Weymouth, Edward
Tyzard, Mafter, had ran a-ground on the Goocwin Sands ;
the Mafter, and four Men, came a-fhore next Morning, ha-
ving left in the Veffel one Man and two Boys, Dutch Paf-
fengers, (who had been caft away to the Weltward) us alfo
‘a black Boy, Servant to the fuid Matter; the Boat-Rope
breaking before thcy could get in, and the Boat could 1iot
get a: the Veffel again. The Deal Boats put out afterwards
to the Sands, bur the Sea was {% great, that they could afford
NC FIClp. :

They write from Naples, Dec. 5. That four Chinefe Lords
were conducted into thar Ciry by the Abbot Ripa, a Neopo-
lican, who having been a Miffionary in China, -had found
Means to convert them to the Romin Catholick Religion,
and, it was faid, they were to gu from ‘thence to Rome, there
to take the Jefuirs Habie.

Leghcrn, Dec. 8. We had here on Tuefday a violent

.. Sterm,- which hath done great Damage to the Shipping ;

-

~¢

among others, a French Veffel, which came hither from Mar-
fcilles, richly laden, and had taken in a ‘frefh Cargo for Civi-
t'a Vecchia, had rhe Mis‘ortuhe to fink: Several other Vei-
‘els ran foul of one another, and were fhatrered.
We hear, that tome of the Mafters in Chancery having de-
livered the, Money and Sceurjries, intrufted with them, up

_to the Bank, according to the new Order, in Iron Chefts,
the following Mottces were found writ upon two of the faid

- Chefts ; upon one, Les Lons Tems viendra ; ‘upon the other, xem

_ mec Pauperies, néc Mors, nec Vincula tevrent. ,

We have received a Letten from. Bodmyn Prifon, in Corn-

- vwall, irforming us, that tke Prifoners there, finding great: -
_ « Mardghips and Inconveniencies from the under Sheriff of that

rd

( 2012 ) !

County, his keeping his Office at Truro, 20 Milcs fone
thence, by which they met with great Difficulties and De-
lays, in getting their Difcharges, &c. They petitioned a-'
gainft him, and procured his Removal to Bodmyn aforcfaid ;
upon which, to revenge himfelt on the Prifoners, (as they
fay, but this we dare not affirm) he arm’d about 200 Men,
furraunded the Prifon, and fir'd in upon ’em for four Hours
together, fo that gy of them were wounded, one of whom,
viz. John Hill, of Coftenton, dy’d of his Wounds. If.
this proves true, tis hop’d, that fuch crucl Trearment of che
moft nnfortunate Part of Mankind, will obtain a {peedy
Redrefs. :

We hear, that a Gentleman, who had bough: the riew
Tragedy, called Cefar in Eeypt, for Eighteen-Pence: after he
had made himfelf very merry with reading it, fold ic for
aoe nee that he might be as little a Looltr by it as pof-
ible. :

‘The Matl that came in on Friday, brings us Advice,
that che Cardinal Alberoni was getting out for Spain, -that
his Return thither is fappofed to be owing to the Chevalier
de St. George, who has been obferved lately ro hold frequent

‘Conferences with thofe People, who have the chief Manage-

ment of the Affairs of that Monarchy.

The Prepara-~

‘tions are continued in Rome, for the opening the Holy Gare,

and the City is already fill’d with Foreigners, from alk

Parts of the World, who comes to {ce that Auguft Af.

fembly. :

y

On Monday laft the Lord Comdton’s Lady was brought co
Bed of a Daughter, , |

Mr. Fonfeca, who had been feveral Months in the Cuftod
of a Meflenger, for handing to the Prefs a Parayraph of fulfe
News relating to the Spaniards, is difcharged. |

On Wednefday Morning died Colonel Robert Wallis, a
Weftminfter Jufticeof Peace. mo .

Yefterday a fine Ode was performed before his Mayefty at
St. James's. mo, ne .

The Dead Warrant is come down to Newgate, ordering
the Execution of the two following Malefaors, viz. Charles
Towers, coniftved laft Seffions. at the Old-Baily, upon the
late A& againft Perfons going armed and difguifed with their

"Faces black'd, angi commucting}Outrages on his Majefty’s Sub-

je&ts, &c. is to be executed. in the new Mint, neargWanping.
Wall, in the Parith of St. Paul’s Shadwell, on’ Monday next;
and William Anderfon, condemn’d for .a “Srreer Robbe; » co
be executed-at Tyburn on the Tuefday following ; but the o-

.ther two under Sentence of Death, viz Thomas Herberr,

and Rowland Swendfon, are repricved, in’ order to Tranf-
portation. an

If .the young Man, that under Pretence of 2 Stay-Ma-
ker, and‘as fuch, went one Evening to the Houfe of 'T’. B.. '
(but was over-heard in taking his Meafures, to prove a Deer
Srealer) will wair on his Cuftomers Guardian, he is hereby
romifed, he fhall nor be profecuted on the A& of .Dcer-

the faid Stay-Maker by this Defcription, viz. he is a frefh
colour’d Man, about ftx Foot high, walks upright, hath one
Tooth out before, fcems not to, be of the Town, tho’ no Room
to guefs at his Country, by his Speech; is fuppofed-ro have
received feveral {mall Wounds and Bruifes, in making his
Way out, particularly each Leg one; if any Intelligence,
pleafe ler 1 be to T. B. at John’s Coffee-Moufe Temple-Bar,
and the Receiver fhall berewarded by T. BO.’ s

A Ship ‘was wreck'd on.the roth. of - Noy. laft, near ‘Al-
derney, but her Name was not known, rill fome Time ‘after
they took up a Bell, on Part of the Wreck,- on which was an
Infcription, fhewing it to belong to the William, Caprain
Barlow, that failed the Beginning of that Month from Lor-
don, for Helvoerfluys, Guiney, &c. 3. a

The Delight, Captain Wile, was fome Time fince taken
by a Pyrate Ship of 28 Guns, off of Cape St. Vincenr,’ who
funk her; he alfo rook a Snow laden with Salmon and‘Hey- -
rings ; and fome Time after took a Ship from New-England,
Jaden with Timber for Leghorn, which laft Ship, the Pyrare, -
being very liberal of other People’s Goods; made a Prefent of
to Caprain Wite, who, with gother Men, hath brought her to

Our Merchants have Advice, that the Magdalen, bound
from Rotterdam to Martinico,, was lately loft near Bayore,
and 40 Men drowned ; and,.that the Chauncey, trom Dublin

_to Nantz,. was likewife loft near Bayone aforcinentioned, - -’

Whereas, a Committee is appotpted Ay the Committee .of Seave
for the Levels of. Havering an Dacenbomn , Gee. in the contr of
Effex, to-flate the Accouns, and compute the: Debts dus.on Account
of the Repairs of the Walls of the faid Levels “of Havering ard
Dagenham, sctcafioned by the late Breach. . This is to pive Notice
to all Perfons, that bave any Demands on the faid Levels, for SWor'e
dene, ov Goods fald, to lving in their Bills to Mr. Fokn Bradley, Cler®
to the fatd Commiffion, at his Heufe in Yoknfons Court, Flcet-Street
by the 11th Jnftant. :
 ho!

ma

=
“~~ + Lt eee em wt:

-

4 fora Norton. :ged about nineteen,
|

—_

’

john Atkins Surgeon. Prin-ed for ‘T. Warner at the Blick Boy ia

* high, a thin Fellaw, pale Countenance, crooked

This is togive Notice to all Mai

Hl erveas a Committee is alfo appointed by the faid Commiffioners of
Sewers, for afertaining, Efc. every Perfons Quantity of Acres of
Land in the faid Levels,  Thefe ave likewife to defive all the Land-
Owners to repair to Mr. Senex and Cochee, at their Houfe againft
St. Dunftan's Church in Pleet-Street, London, (wko have meafured
the faid Lands) and make out their Claims, hy defcribing the Boun-
davies thereof (againft the fame Day) in order to have every ones
Broperty adjufted.

South-Sea Stock is 121, 3 qrs. forthe Opening Bank 132»
t half. India Books fhut. African 14, for the Opening.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

Jul publifhed, che filth Edition, corrected and enlarged, with a Letrer fram

the Reverend Air. Leflie to 2 Deift, upon his Converfion by reading this, j

Book, of ‘

*1* <A fhore and eafy Method with the Doifts, wherein the Certainty
of the Chriftian Religion is demonftrated by intallible Proof, trom four
Rules, which are incompatible to any impe ure that ever yet has been or
can p: fibly be in a Letter to a Friend. ‘To which jis ad-led, 2 fecond Part
ro the Jews, fhewing that thefe four Rules do oblige’ them as much or more
than che Deift to the Acknowledgment of Chrift, with an Anfwer to the
molt meterial of their Onje&ions and Prejudices againft Chrifianicy.

A Dilcourfe of Epifcopaey, wherein it is fhewed who are qualify’d co
adminifter the Sacraments.

N. B. Thefe are the cwo Books for which Mr. Chickley was try’d at Boo
fon in New- Enzland,.

Both printed tor G, Serahan 2c the Golden Ball over-againft the Royal-Ex-~
change in Cornhill,

A TANN-YARD to be Letr, and the Stock to be Sold, ac Hemel-Hem-

ited, a great Mlarker-Town in Herifordftire, and about 20 Miles from
London, the Tanner being lately deceafed: Engujre of Mr. Burch of rhe
gaid Town.

AT che blew Boar, in Fleet-Streer, near the Ceftle-Tavern, is brought o-
ver from H:gh-Germany, by Old Seffersin, and Black Charles, 2 Parcel
of fine Canary Birds, it all forts of fine Colours, Mortle, Ath, Buff, Grey,
and weiy fine Battard-Birds. ce
PROPOSALS for printing by Subfription, a Vindication of che
Church of England, and che lawful Miviltry chereot; that isto fay, of che
Succeffion, EleQtan, Contirmation, and Confecration of Bifhops ; 2s alfo of
the Ordinacion of Prietts and Deacons. In five Books. Wherein che Chugch
of England is clear’d trom che Calumnies and Reproaches of Bellarmine,
Saunders, Briftow, Harding, Allen, Scapleron, Parfons. Kellifon, Eudemon,
Becauus, and other Romanifts; and, amonptt other Things, tull Anfwers co
thet Exceptions of Fitz-Herberc, Fitz-Simons. Kellifon, Champney, Fiudd,
and another anonymous Author, (igainik the firtt Edition of chis Work) are
inferted in their proper Places, Written by Francis M2fon, B. D. fome Time
Feliow of Merton College in Oxford, Re&or of Orford, Archdeacon of. Nor-
folk, and Chaplain co King James the Firft, and now (faithfully cranflited
from the Author's Latin Edition (much inlarged and corrested.) To which

.is added, An alphaberical Table-of the principal Marcess, with marpinel

Notes upon the whole Book, as Occafio offers; and fome Accoune of the
Reverend and Learned Author, and all his Works, 25 well as of the Reafons
for publithing the fame ac qhis Time, in 2 Pretace. By John Lindfay, Presby-
ter ot the Church of England, Subfcriptions are taken in, and Receipts gi-
ven, by Mr. Grives in S, James’s-Screee, Mr King in Weltminfter-Hail,
Mr. Stoke at CharingeCrofs, Mr. Goiling, Mr. Hook, Mr. Crokat, in Fleet-
Streer, Mr, Innys, and Mr. Rivington in Sr. Paut’s Church-¥ard, Mr. Ber-
tefworth in Parer-Nofter-Row, Mr, Strahan, Mr. J. Clark, Royil-Ex-

change in Cornhill, Bookfellers. Mr. W. Bowyer, Printer in White-Fryars,
and by the Tranflaror. :

Ames Towrf:nd, Commoply kaown by the Name of Shakets,

born at Reading, now Apprentice to Jof ph Beckett, Twine -Spin-
ner, in Gravel-Lane, Soutiswark, run awy fiom his faid Matter rhe
gi of December. A wellsfee Led, of about eighteen Years of Age,
sank brown Hair, 2 black Hat fluppi-g over his Face, Splaw-foored,
dark coloured Fuitian-Frock, a ligar coloured Wa‘tcoa:, Cina::on
coloured Breeches..- Whoever har-ours the faid James Townferd,
contrary to Law, muft expeét to fuffer by the fime, or if the (iid
Jamcs Townfend will return to his faid Mafter he fhill hz kindly

reccived.

_ - This Day is publifhed,
: GPQ_ A’ Treatife on the folowirg Chisurgical Subje&s. Chap_-.
O. Ruptures, TH. On Fr @ores of the Skull. HY. O1 Fr. &res
Simple and Compound. IV. On Amvutations. V. On fome Af. ican
Difters pers. Vi. of Luxations, VII. OF the Veneeal Difeafe. By

atcr-toitcr-row, and fold by the Bockfellers of London and, Weft.

- gminficr.

R@ away from his M.fter Henry Combs, Cutler, of the City

_ Of Chichefter, James Hyzt an Avprentice, ravmg «bovea Year

tuHcrve 5 he is Sen of Robert Hyat, Siuff Weaver 11 Si:epten Male

lard, in the Coventy of Somerfct, and is about five Foor snd a hilt

Nofe, and wi-ks

wit: his Eyes; he had ona Brey Cloath Suit, avd a fhore dark Wig.
e

tain him at their Peri],

, tged abc ran from his Mafter, James
Dudley, Glazier, in Winc' elter-S:rect,28 ct Avguft, 1723. having
rved abont fix Months. He went away ina Lead c loured Drug-
get Suit, and « Horfe-hair Wigg, a tall well-fee Fellow, and freih
colou’ds fupp-f-d to relidei-, 2 Villagein or about Norwich. WEo-
ever employs or entertaics him, be it at ehcir Peril.

Juft pebiifhed, the GLEET and

_ 0 orrbea Dilpeufatories,

N which, :f er defe:ibirg and accourting for th>

Nature ad Syn p:oms of thefe Difordeis, the

nedies thot are ufed
me ef them, for aay that fo pleafes to make n
he:nfeives, ard amongit which, in the Gleet Dit-
pe faory isthe lat: Dr. Ratcliff squfiral -Pre(cription
tora Glect. Price 6d. cach Difpenf.tory. Up one
Pair of Seui:s, at the Anodyne Necklace withest Temple. Ber.

ow

+ ( 2613 )

» 4 Ufe the Mill'd Lead is applied to plainly

: . Churches that have been buile are covered
, Commiffioners not admitting, a Propo

if it naturally

r Curlers and others, not to exter. -

Prefcriptio sare f.t cown in Exglith, ofthe beit Re-

in common Pragtice for the - sings, when ftaffed up end clo,
lcers

the Exchange, Cornhill},

Jo ee gee

Advertifement to all thofe who ufe Sheet-Lead.

T tsagsecd by all, if we Plumbers copld caft Lead ex.
aly equal to che thinneft Part of the Sheer, ic would be betrer and more
durable than to be thicker in one Place than anotlter,: fo that the Excefi of
Thicknefs is not only an unneceffary Charge paid for, bur it makes the Sheer
werfe, by its ftronger.refifting the Sun-Beams, which falling alike on all Pla-
ces, draws up the thinner Parts, when thé er ftays » and caufes
that cockling and crackling thereon, and ia certainly fo- much werfe by wharc |
it varies from an Equality, whereas if Milled Lead be but as thick as the
thinneft Part of a Catt Sheet, befides its Beauty and Smoorhnefs, the Eq:ality
and Solidiry is fufficient to prove it much berter than Caft Lead; befides, there
are Crack-blow Holes, and Sind Holes in Caft-Lead, that_ofttn happen, and,
lie concealed with che Sheet, not appearing on the Superficies. The generat
fhews its Preference to Caft Lead, viz.
Greenwich Hofpical ; all che fifty new
with Mill’d Lead, rhe Honourable
of Caft. It would be endlefs to men-
uantity of Mill’d Lead is ufed on the Houfes of rhe Nobility and
Gentry, as likewife on common Buildings, &c. Note, John Fincher, Plumber :
in Swallow-freet, againft St. James’s Church by the new Buildings, hath there
an entire Lead Mill to him(elf, and felleth his Mill’d Lead much cheaper than
others, a3 any one by fendin or {peaking with him, or his Partner, James
Slater Plumber; may be fully fatisfy'd. The Sizes are from four Pound, to Five,
Six, Seven, Right, or Nine per Foot Square, or any Thicknefs, it bei
caft an Inch thick, and five Root wide: Ie is delivered any where about,Town
freefrom Charge,thaving a Cart for that P e: They alfo make Mould Waser.
Pipes, aftera new M of ail Sorts, and exchange for Pig-Lead, or old Lead..
: : At the HUNGARY WATER WAREHOUSE, ac
the Black Boy and Comb, « Comb-Makers, rhe Cor-
ner of Be'l-Savage-Inn, on Ludgate-Hill, is fold righe.
French Hungary-Water, in large kalf Pint Flint Bortles,
being the fame fort fold ac the faid Place feverat Yeors
paft, or rather becer, being # fre.h Parcel, and diftine
guithes it feli from the pernicious Counterfeic fore fold. a-
bout the Town; firlt, by its fine Flavour; fecondly, by,
its turning Water .2s white as Avilk, and if you fer 2
Spoonful on fise with 2 lighted Paper, te will burn d
whereas che counzerfeic Sore has none of thefe Qualities, by reafcn the Mas
terials in France are much berter than in cheie Nor:hern Climares : More-
over, the rrue French is always at the fame Place, and no where elfe, and
the Counterfeic is firft pur co one Shop ro fell, but as foon as ic is found our,
ic is removed, and fold ac another, with a freth Aavertiiement, of 2 Paicei
jut arrived from Montpelier.
N. B. Beware of Counterfeics.

his Majefty’s Royal Navy and Yards, 2

tion what

‘The Family OINTMENT. |

S acertain Remedy fur old Aches and Pains in the Flefh, and.

Joints, Arms, Hips and Legs: Ic taketh away old Aehcs in the
Huckle Bone, called the Sciatica, or Hip-Gout.. °*'Tis 3 Years fince it
was firft peblithed, in which Time it has cur’d above a Thoufand
People. It fvldom fails by ufing ic bat once. Ic ftains no Linnen,
ror is it offerfive, but pleafantto the fmell. Sold-at Mr.Weekly’s a
Tobacconift, near St. Danftan’s Church in Fleet-itrect, and at Nirs.
Garaway’s at the Royal-Excnange Gate upon Cornhill, and by the
Author, st Mr. Chapmat.’s, a Shoemaker next Door to the Bell in
in RedLyo--Court, “‘Drury-f ane, at 1s. 6d. a Pot with Directions.
Thofe that are willing to difpofe of it in the Country, may have
what Quantity they pleafe, with very guod Allowances, paying ready.
Moncy.

The Chymical Liquor for the Mair,
Hich gradually charges red, grey, or Hair of any other difagrees
W abie Colour, whether of the Head or Eye-brows, into any De-
gree of a Brown; or, by obfervin§ the Directions given with each Bot-
tle into tne moft beautiful Biack in Nature, that neither Time no-
Weather can alter ; for the Colour will for ever remain as lively ar
rew fo. Ic has with a general Satisfaction to the
World, been fold this 9 Years by Mr. Lockton, only, at the Griffing.
the Corner of Buckler’s-bury in’ the Poultry ;where a Lock of Hair
may be feen that was {tain’d with ic before ic was firlt €xpos’d to fale.
Price half a Guinea Bottle. If icdoesnot prove infallible, return che
Liguer, and the Mone fhall be repaid. Where is alfo fold, The
Severcign Secret for diflolving the STONE, and expelling the GRA-
VEL, being an approved Specifick, with ample Dire@ions. Price2s
6d. a Bottle. wee

} Hereas Mary, the Daughter. of Edw. Blogg, lis .
. W ving in Dean and Flower-Street, in Spittle-
Ficlds, Weaver, being blind of one Eye, occehioned
y

. by a Bit of Fli:e Stone fying into her Eye, and u-
firg fuch Means ‘gs was thong it propsr, by fume who prete: ded
great Skill in the Eye, broughe inco {uch a Condition that the other
Eye was fo eff-G&ed, tnar fhe loit Sight of both Eyes, fo that.aFer-.

. fon was obliged to lead her if fhe went our of the Houfe; and being
- all the time in great Pain antil applying tq Mrs. Cater in Caftle-

Court, Birchin-Lane, near Cornhill, the riot only, at two or three
tims drefi g, eafed the Pain, but in afhore Time brought: her fo
Sight, and made a perfeét Cure; and this I am reidy to facisty any
Perfon, efpecially thofe who fhall be under the like Micforrnne, tltat
the? may know where they may be faithfully deale by, in C:ft 0
the like Misfortune. “ : a
Edw. Mogs.

Novem. 19 1724. | -_

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Julep, which is
J known by many Years Experience to be a nover-failing Medicine in
old obftinzreAthma’s, whefe fuffocating Ficit puts off inaMoment ; it

ives a perfe& Relief in training laborious Coughs, that arcunmercit
ully troublefome Night and Morning ; 'Tisa mloft excellent Remedy
for Shortne(s of Breath upon any Motidn, and jn breathing with Difh-
culty, Streightnefs of che Breaft with. Hoarfencfs and Wheaging. No-
thing excceds this admirable Julep; for by opening the Brouchia] Difi-
and Penumonic Paffages, it ‘penetrates in the inmoft Receffes of the
Lungs, anc there mecting with tough, thick. cold, clammy, flimy
Pi:legm, fo attenuates, divides, n:oves and works it, that by. conghing
and’ {pitting it expedoratce and throws up ali fach Macter with the
rearcit Eafe and Pleaferc, thereby cleagting and frecing che Breaft and
gee witha heavy ad, and fo pre-
ptions; of the Lungs, &c. Nore, Jt is a fafc and
pleafant Medicine ; to be taken by Spoontuls, accordjng go the prin-
ted Directions, without the,leaft Confinement, or Danger of catch! ng
Cold, To be had at Mr. George Strahan’sat the Golden: Ball over agas
ant at ndthes Place. Pricez s. 6d.

vents Confum
 C++ A i of’ the Pyrates, from their firft Rife. an
Sertentns in the ifland. of Providence, to the prefent Time ; with
the remarkable AGtionsand A-ventures of the two Female Pyratcs, Ma-
ry Readand Ann Bonny, contain’d iv t ¢ following Chapters;

Introduction. IX. OF Capr. Roberts. -
Chap.1. OF Capt. Avery. X. OF Capt. Anftis.
iI. Of Capt. Martel. Xi. Of Capt. Worley.
If. Of Capt. Teach. Xll. Of Capt. Lowriter.
AV. Of Capt. Bonnct. AU. OF Capr. Low.
V. O£ Capt. England. XIV. Of Capt. Evans.
VI. Of Capt. Vane: XV. OF Capt. Phillips.
VIE. OF Capt. Rackam. XVI. OF Capt. Spriggs.

VUIL. Of Capt. Davis. And their feveral Crews.

Te which is added, ¢ dhort Abftra@ of the Stature and Civil Law, in

* Relation to Pyracy. The {econd Edition, with confiderable Additions.

‘

> * purifies

rortur’
7 agreeable to take; the
* derful Relief and

' Clement’s Church-yatd in the
$8, 6d. Botele,

By Capr. Charles fohnfon. Printed for,and fold by T. Wasner in
Pacer-Nofter-Row. —_ _

Againt the VENEREAL DISEASq.

HE famons Italian BOLUS has fo t Succefs in the cure of the
T Veneteal Difeafe, chat not one of the grcat Numbers thac daily
tske it mifs of a perfect Cares and tho’ fo very cheap as2s. 6d:
yet four Bulufies never fail to root one and carry off the molt malig-
nant, virulent, and obftinate kind of the venereal Difeafe, without
Gonlinement, or making your Cafc-known to anys which, if it fails
todo, the Money is return'd. This great Medicine likewife deftroys
Mercury, and cerrics it ont of the Body, and thereby relieves thofe
unfortunate Perfons who have fallen into bad Hands in former Cures,
Is to behad only at the Flaming Sword the Corner of Raffel-Street,
over againit Will's Coffee-honfe, Covent-Garden; and if. fold at any
other Place is Connterfcits.

LeQuarium Mirabile: or the Admirable EleQuary ; which infal-

libly cures all Degrees and Symptoms of the Secret Difeafe,with
more Eafe, Speed and Safety, than any Medicine yee publifhed ; any
old Running, &c. tho’ of feveral Years flanding, whether occafioned
‘by an Overftrain, Weaknefs of the Semiuals, or the Reli&s of afor-
mer Infection, is certainly cured in a fhort Time, without a Minute’s
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ufeof Aftringents; being 2 Medicine
fo wonderfully leafant, and eafy in its Operation, that the niceft Pae
late, or weakelt Confticurion, may take it with Velight: Two Pots
ave generally fufficiene to complcat a Cure in moft Cafes. To be had
only of the Author Dr. Cam, 2 Graduate Phyfician, who has publifh’d
ic twenty Years, a:d is conftantly to be advifed with at his Houfe at
the Golder Ball and Lamp, in Bow Church-Yard in Cheapfide, at half

a Guinea the Pot,

INCTURA NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordial TinSure for

the Nerves, being an approved, experienced, and rever-failing
edicame::t in faking, anguithing, and lownets of Spirits, Palpitation
or Trembling of the Heart, in all Paralitick, Soporofe, and Convulfive
Diftempets, and in ai] AffiGions of the Head and Nerves, it infallibly
prevents the bad Effeds of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which oc-
Cafions in moft People, the above-mentioned Diforders (with many
more ‘which you'll {ec at largein the’ printed Book of DireGons) but
yet by taking a few Drops of this moit pleafant, delicate Cordial, in
the firft Die of Coffee or Tea, you may then drink at Liberty, for
his great Medicine penetrates through the whole nervous Syftem, and
fo recruits the Brain and Pracordia with a full Influx of exulting §pi-
rics, which perform the Bufinefs of viral Fun@ion with freth Alacri-
ty and new Britknefs, fo that the Pulfe which lay feeble and waver.
ing, now fallsa beating vigoroufly and with great Exaétnefs

ore-

over it wonderfully difperfes Fear, Sadnefs, co “Thon hts

Twitchd of the and Arms, difturbed Sleep, and all the ditmal
rain of Va

and Melancholy. It likewife ftops Vomiting, puts off
Naufeoufnels, Procures a good Appetite, and isnow in great Efteem
amongft Quality of thefirit Rank. Sold at Mr. G, Strahan’s Bookfelle:

at the Golden Ballin Cornwall, over againft the Royal Exchange, and
st 20 other Place. Price 28. 6d, .

An unparallel’d Tin@uretor LEANNESS.

HICH proceeds from a Caufe that few know, but eafily re-
mov'd by this excellent Tin@ure, which fortifies the Scomach,
the Blood, takes off Fretfulnefs in the Mind, occafions Reft
and eafy Sleep, and as certainly difpofes and Canfes the Body to

thrive and become Plump, and Flefhy, if no mantfelt Diftemper,af-
fli&s the Patient, as Water will quinch Fire; and this it abfolutely
performs in Perfons of either Sex, or any Age in a very fhort Time to

Admiration: "Tie alfo the beft Remedy in Nature for ajl-Chronick

Diftafes thar take ti:cir Rife from a bad Digeftion in the-Stomach, .

which this uoparallel'd Tin@ure aflurcdly re&ifies, and thereby infalli-
bly Cares. Is fold oaly \

oman’s at the two Blue Pofts in Haydon Yard in the Minories, at
Ss 6d. aBottle, with DireGions.

INCTURA MIRIFICA : Or,ghe miraculous Tin&ure for che Stone
and Grayel, afew Dropsof which momentarily takes off the moft
excrutiating Pains either in the Reins or Bladder, aud certafaly pre-
venes their Return; for it abfolutely cures that Diftemper in a2 won-
derful Manner, infancly remuves alf Uncafinefs or Ni
Water, heals all Excor

tions; and even Ulcers of the urinasy Paflages,
relaxes

Urerers, fo that fmallStones,together with Gravel, all

mucous, flimy, obftreaing Matter, may pa(s freely front the Kidneys
to be voided vifbly with Urine, without Pain, effedtually cleanfes both

the,Reins and Bladder from all Impurities, entirely prevents the Ston
in thofe that are troubled with the Gravel only, afiuredly diffolves all
large Stones poffible to be diffolved, and likewife brings all thofe Parts
and P to their due Tone and Vigour, { as perfectly to free the
Patient from all the {cvere Symptoms and mifcrable Effe@s of that
Difeafe ; ’tis the edicine in the World, and not dift
take very firft Doft of it abfolately cures the mof.
dreadful Fic. of either Ston¥ or Gravel, ina Minate, giving fich won-
perfc& Rafe, as is indeed very furprizing. . Is to be
had only ac Mr. Radford’s Toyfhop, at the Rofeand

Seraad, near Arundel-Stree ;
with Dire@ions. t End, ac

LONDON: ‘Printed by N.

~almoft upon the

‘moft accouht 1
‘woman at the two dlue-Pofts in Haydon Yard in

by the Aut!.or’s Appointment, at the Gentle- .

ulty in. making

rown againft Str,

( 2014 ) - —_ -

T the Dové and Golden-Ball in Salti-

_bury-Court, Fleet-ft liveth a Gentlewo-
man that prepares the moft excellent Colmetick or Beau.
tihera yer known, asthat moft noble Preparation of tear! ;
‘with a particular beaut Fluid, both which ‘fed by
Ladies of the firft Quality, they with Sorprize. take awa
Rednefe, Pimples, R NCIS, Worms, morphew, ‘Scurly
Sun-burn, Freckles, Wrinkles, Pits of the Small-Pox;
with other Defilements of the Skin Likewife the pre-
pareaa moft peifying Cream for the Bai: Neck, and.

ands, which pl and fmooths the 8kin to Admira-
_ tion, the Nuns White-Pots, by forne called Tower.Hilf-
Pomatum, and an Eaft-India Chinefe Red-Li or. fone ‘having
u no Per.
ifingui non the Face, and not to be rubb'd off. Alforo be had, thé
ted Sean Mee pePalte, or Cakes for the Fact. or Hands, and all otter
Cofmeticks formerly fold here by Mrs. Mockte.
N.B. She hasa Chymical
dark Brown, with the

the Secret but her felf: Ix gives a moft natural and lafting B

Pots; or

Hungary Water.

Great Reftorative, ,

whether Hypochondriach Melancholy in
Men, or Vapours in Women, however circunvtanced, or to what
Degree foever advanced, or of ever fo long flandi:g, are {pecdily
and infallibly curcd, fo as never to. recurn again, by a pleafa ¢ com-
pourd Medicament, Chy m catly preptred of che cho cell Anterliyite.
ricks in the whole Art ot Chymictry ; This Medicine having cured
Thouf.nds of Men and Women, of Melancholy and ‘Vapours, may be
depended on for a perfect Cure; it ftrikes immediately at the
firft Cauft of this Niitemper, ard entirely deftroys it Rootand Branch,
reQifying thar viciated Ferment in the Stemach, which is generally
the firft and chief Ccufe, aid thereby cures Indigeflion, purifies che
Blood and Spirits, ftreagthens the Brain and Nerycs, chears the whole
Frame, ftops Vomiting, clears che Head frem co.futed Thoughts,
removes Fears, Sadrefs, difturbd Sleep, T sitchings of the Ains
or Legs, cures Palpitation or Trembii: ¢ of tne Heart; ard indecd
all other the many and various Sym;toms thar attend chis Rricvous
Diftemp:r ; for. rake away the Caut.c and the RFA will ceate. Sold
for 48.6d. the Bottle, ac the Golde» Ball, on Paddle-Dock. Hill, n- ar
Ludgate-S<reet, and no where elfe, :

- - The
N all Hyfterick Diftafts,

Aime, and Sorenefé ot the EYES, Rloodfhor, Defuxi-
on of fharp Humonis, dimnefs of Sight, Specks, Films, of’ be-
Fae Cararatts, Sec. abfolutcly cured by a wonderful Chymical
iquor kacely found ont, which imediagely Heels and Cures all
manner of forenefs of the Eyes in Crildren-or grown Perfons, tho’
of many. Years ftanding, and whether proceeding from the Evil, or
any othcr Diftemper. and that wichone caufing: the
ealinefs in ufing; it effe@ually rakes away all Specks, Filnig, or inci
picht Cataracts to adiniration, as alfo all Flies, Gnats, 8c. that teem
to fwim before the Sight; ic wonderfully ftrengttiens the Optick
Nerves, comforts the Kyes, certainly rernoves all dimnels, clearin
the Sight, and affuredly preferving it ftrong aid good to exceeding
old Age; many. who were fo very dim ighted or fome Years, ag
fcarcely able rodiftinguith any thing, have been p-rfect ly and almof
inftantly cared by ir, fo as to read the fmalleft Prine without Speécta-
cles; and for Opthalmics, or fore Eyes, no Medicine on Rarth can
come near it, hundreds haye been cured by it of the very worft fore
fpor, and blindncfs been prevented in abagdance
who hed tried all other Remedies in vain, infomuch that it may be al-
a Miracle of « Medicine. ‘Is {ald only by the Gentle-
the Minories, at 33.

6d. a Bottle with Directions. -

| .' All Sorts of RUPTURES, =
B Urften or broken Bellies, perfectly cur’d by the Bleffing of God
cither on old or young, in a very little Time, and for a Grall
Charge, by two Megliciues to be externelly us'd, without any Pain to,
or Conlinement of the Patient. Thefe two Remedies need no other
Recomu:endation than them{elves will manifeft in two or three Dryer
afing, Having, by their admirable and even aftonifhing Succcfi, gain-
pd Pe Reputation th juftly deferve both in. City and Country, for
phove thei¢ Twenty Years laff paft, after wearing Trufics for many
Years to no Purpofé: Many Hundreds of all A
been cur’d by the:n, which occafioned
of the Publick, chat all fuch unhappy People may be delivered frou
the Charge and Slavery of always weasiag Trufics. They are fcaled
ap, at ¢8 the Parcel, which is generally fafficient for a compleat
ure islly ona young Perfon 5 and is now (fince Mrs. Bradbury
left off Shopkee ping) fold onl by Me. Sanders, Haberdather of Small
Wares, at the Blue Ball Toy flop in Fencaurcle ftreet, near Aldgate.
N. B, It is by the Ufeof an ealy Truls, &¢. ciate ttofe two externa¥
Medicines are applied

to the Parr affe&cd, till the Curc j
as will be {een by che DireGtions at large given wi Hh ren eee

WRIG'-T's Diuretick, or cleanfing Ti sre,
Mich Urinarily difcharges the Feces or putrid Relicksof che
Les Alamode, or Vencreal Infeétion, and chxit':s its Coneo-
mitants, the wretch'd Train of that compliceted Difteinper, as 3 anus
cous, filthy, fanious Matter lodged in tie Reins, or {permatick Party,
which either canfe e Sharpnefé in the Urine, or too trequéntly progoke
(ce. This Relick is difcoverable, parci ny the fubfequent Symproine
viz. by a Debiliry or Wéaknefs of the Back, 0 fetid, oauf and e-
verting finelof the Urine, with a purulent Matter, or jeculent Sordes
refidiog at the Bottoun, or flying init, wich variety of Figures, . Fer.
ther, is Tin&ure elpecially carries off all Relicks of the Venereal Di-
cat, after ill meen, Cares, not only cleanfing the Urirary Paflageso
all Sand. Gravel, um or membrangous Pelfic es, ce: baa a fin-
r Efheecy Juvigorating the Reins, reftoring them chidy
cal Parts, to thelr-Ori fal Tone and Ufe, theagh ¢ ihe Aan

Decay be of the longeft date, withanequul Succ en , yo
be had for Ten Shilliys per Bottle, with DireXionefor (es Ube at
his Houfe, sche Golde Head aud Two Lamps in Bet!~Savage-
Ludgate- . . , 7 ee a?

@
A]
-

.. ° a I

MIST, in Great-Carter-Lane, |

Liquor which alrass red or grey Hair to Light ot |

and Sexes h |
tiris Publication, for ‘the Good

~—

lesit Pain or Un. °

os
 "News." Weekly Journal or Saturday's Post, 2 Jan. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/
apps/doc/Z2001599204/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 20 Nov. 2024.
 