an en
POT, on ee v
a sh oF .

[tei

MIST’ WEEKLY JOURNAL |

‘ SATURDAY, JULY 17, 1725.

. ~ Friend Mift, , Gully 3, 1725.
Wey sue; 4m a Gentleman of Wales, andthen
ATaVNS=eN you will not difpute my Defcent
J 43% froman ancient Family, Ap Ardtheir,
the Mirror of Knighthood, and
Ze Sovereign of the round Table :
POCA My Houfe being fo old, makes it
almoft ruin’d ; wherefore, to fupport my Family,
I yearly crofs the Severn to make‘Hay for a Kinf-
man of mine, who, according to laudable old

-—

Cuftom, keeps open Houfe for Entertainment o
Travellers near this great City ; but the Sun not
always fhining, I fpend fome idle Hours in rea-
ding your Paper, where it has rejoye'd my Heart
to fad ancien: Honour reftor’d, and in fuch who,
for.three Deicents, at leaft, had not been de-
-..graded by mechanick Apprenticefhip. Sir, I
have in my Family a great old M.S. call’d Chival-
ry Difplay'd, treating of the Rife of all Orders in
the World. Tho’ this Author may differ from the
‘Moderns of your Country, fuch as the orthodox
Heylen, the learned Afomole, or judicious Spelman,
yet be wrote long before them, and was confe-
uently nearer the Truth. —— He affirms all Or.
ers came from Troy, difpers’d by /Eneas into Italy.
Every Roman Eques was the Defcendant of fome
one of Agamemmnon’s Troopers, and the Milites
from the Rank of his foot Soldiers. When Brz-
tus, with the Iffue of his Detachment, had peo-
pled this Ifland, Ir Ard-their, my great Anceftor,
was the Off-fpring of his Corporal, or right Hand
Man. 'Thofe who by a modern Word are call’d
Knights of hisround Table, were Troopers, who
by 'L'urns:.mefled with him. Four and twenty
“Troopers mounted every Morning,’ fHence comes
mounting the Guard ;] thefe-.wheeled to the
Right and Left, divided, and tilted with their
Spears, till half the Number were difmounted :
The remaining 12 din’d together at the round
_: Table that Day, where none could take Place of
“ another ; a Proof they were all Equals, or com-
‘mon Troopers: Had they been Officers, they
- muft have been plac’d on one Side, according to
' Subordination. Let not this offend: our modern
. ‘Genealogifts. Private Soldiers arc the ancienteft
- Order and Community, as the Words. imply, an
confequently their Defcendants are“of the oldeft
Houfe. Leaders (modernly, but falfly call’d Com-
manders) were afterwards by their Appointment ;
fuch was Iv Ard-their, the talleft, ftrongeft Man
‘among them. The Defcandents of fuch are of
Great Families. Guilds, or Fraternities of Trades,
imay be opulent, but acquir’d by Bondage. Thefe,
as well. as Ecclefiaftical Orders, are of modern
“¥nyestion for Support of the little, infirm, flarv‘d,
or half-got Iffue of the lufty Trooper. ————
“My Author is very large on this-Order, which he
calls the Rules of the Rourid Table Club; from
him T learn the Cuftoms, Humours and Habits of
-thofe Days) The Word Knight was not then
-Jnown ; that is Saxon, but. fignifies the fame
‘with the Latin Egues, a-Riding-Servant, or one
that ferves ,his Prince or Country on Horfe-back.
~“Efquire is‘ Norman Word, and fignifies a Fol-
‘ Jower of'rhe Camp. And my Author relates there

were in thofe early Times, a young Brood o
' Stripplings, who carried the Spears and Armour
_ go fupply thofe Troopers Who broke theirs in
' “Bxercife or AG&ion, and fpare Arrows, &c. for
the Foot ; hence came the Latin Word Armigeri.
Since the Ufe of Guns this Order becoming al-

fio che Sweat from the Soldier’s Brow. With

d}nourable Order, by Moderns called Coachmen.

f} Coronations, Weddings, Funerals, and the Ser-

Arms, and have loft the Remenibrance of their
firft Inftitution. And the modern Trumpets
and Kettle Drums are of African, or Foreign
Extract. .

It will be too long to go thro’ the particular

moft ufelefs, have, however, dedicated them-
felves and Pofterity to their Country’s Service, in
the Deftru&tion of Hares and Foxes, and, in their
Room, have been fubftiruted a new Order of

Black-Guards or Powder-Monkeys. My Author
farther relates, that in thofe old Times, as thofe} Laws, Cuftems, and Oaths; however, I fhall hint

Exercifes were violent, the Miftreffes, the Si-]at fome few my Author mentions : they eat and
fters, &c. of thefe Combatants attended with Re-| drank at the Round Table, took the Sacrament or

frefhments. An Handkerchief, or fometimes a| Military Oath there, to defend their Sovereign
Remnant of fuch a fair Damfels Linnen, wip’d

Maids, Widows, Orphans: That this origina

Club of Round Table Troopers were Orthodox
Soldiers, and chofe for their Patron a fighting Bi-
fhop, who flew the Dragon, or Emblem of tur~
bulent Zeal, and trampled him under his Feet ;
or plac’d on his Shield ; but nothing fo obliging} That the Ecclefiaftical Orders began in Oppofiti-
as a Garter, which, tho’ at firft of Leather, was} on to the former, bound themfelyes to defend the
atterwards embroider’d, and wore as a Token of Ufurpations of the Ecclefiaftical Sovereign, the
AffeGion. A thin Covering of Network coming} Birth and Burial Places, the Rags or Colours,
over the Head, Face and Shoulders, was the fa-j Bones and Reliques of their feveral Founders.
fhionable Ornament for the Damfels of thofe} But breaking thro’ all Oaths and Obligations, be-
Times. Thefe were alfo fometimes prefented| came terrible tothe whole World, by their Rapine
to the Soldier ; the Trooper wore it crofs his|and Oppreffion, till by mutual Confent they were
Shoulder, the foot Soldier round his Wafte, and]all fupprefled. The feveral Attempts miade to
therein hung the Sword. Succeeding Ages ad-{imitate or revive fome of them, as foon as &
ded a Ribbon, from thence call’d a Favour ;

which, after worn in like Manner, the Wearer
caufed to be imitated on his Shield in Painting,
and was thence call’d a Bend or Fefs, which was
the chara&eriftick Diftin&@ion of Horfe or Foot
Soldier.

Thefe Damofels never failed tocarry with them
tothefe Exercifes, little Wicker Caskets of re-
frefhing Cordials, our Author does not mention
the Compofition then in ufe ; but, fure Iam, thar
in Imitation of thefe fprang up the very modern
Order of Geneva Women. Befides thefe Orders
of Horfe and Foot, the Antient Britons had another
mixt Order of the Pffed?, whodrove armed Cha-
riots, fometimes leaping out of them and fighting
on Foot: Certainly thofe who firft inftituced our
modern Dragoons, had fome imperfe& Notion of
them, fo had thofe worthy Knights and Squires,
who at a late Inftalment at Windfor, drove the
Chariots of thofe Ladies to whom they paid their
Devoirs; and we often fee Imitators of this ho-

this fhe fometimes prefented her Lover, wrought
with fome Device, and he carried it at the End
of his Spear, wore her Knot on his left Breaft,

you, be the Subje& of fome following Letrers.
Till then, _I am Your’s, |

FOREIGN AFFATRS,
They write from Petersburg, that a Prince of

Compliments to the Crarinay:: has had’a pu

Audience of her Majefty, -after which fhe made
him .a Prefent of five Thoufand Rubbals, anda
large Service of Plate; he feems defirous of con-

the Czarina will fettle upon him a Penfion fuffici-
ent to fupport him as a Prince, but it is thoughg
this will not be granted. :

Gallies, with the Land Forces on Board, are com-
manded to their Rendezvous at Cronflot, but
that they. will not fail till the Czarina-has her
felf reviewed them ; and the Duke of Holttein,
who, it is faid, is to command them, is not as
yet departed from Court. —————Ir is now pub-
lickly talk’d, this Expedition was fet on Foor,
and undertaken at the Inftance of the faid Duke
of Holftein, in order to attempt by Force the Re-~
covery of his Dominions from Denmark, and that
Sweden has promis’d to be affifting in it; however
that be, itis certain, the Danes are at length a-
larm’d, and begin in Earneft to make powerful
Preparations for oppofing the faid Attempr, for

The Trumpets ufed in thofe elder Times were
not of Silver, but of Rams or, Bullocks Horns;
thefe were alfo adorned with Needle-work, Hand-
kerchiefs, Ribbons, Garters, as were the Drums.
‘The Cloathing of the Drummers and Trumpeters
was always Shewifh ; their Hanging-SleaveCoats
of various Colours, embroyder’d with Lyons, Ty-
gers, Flowers, &c. fhewing the Troop or Com-
pany to which they belonged: They were not
only employed by ditierent Sounds to communi-
cate Orders, make Proclamations, and carry Mef-
fages, which is ufual for Trumpeters at this Day,
from whence by a Norman Word they were call’d
Heraults, thatis, Cryers; but they recorded Or-
ders and AQions, kept the Duty Room, affifted in
preferving Order and Difcipline. During
Peace, they were placed in a College to keep the
Magazine of old Shields and ‘Trophies, to brufh up
und new paint them, to attend, in later Ages, at

War with all poflible Expedition, _ |

They write from Vienna, that all the Articles
of thelate Treaty betwix: the Empire and Spain,
call’d the Treaty of Vienna, are made publick,
except what relates to the Oftend Eaft-India
Company, and it is faid, there are three Articles
mude entirely in Favour of the faid Company; we
are only told in general, that it isto have all the
Privileges and Advantages from the Spaniards,
which heretofore were enjoy’d by the Dutch
Company, with feveral new Immunities never

jeant-Trumpeter, and Drum-Major, ftiled Kings} granted to any before.

at Arms. But the Days of Chivalry ending with} Our Letters from Spain, inform us, that the
the Lofs of France, this old Order of Trumpeters|Spaniards in America have feiz'd feveral Englith
and Drummers, tho” they pretend to have keprjand Dutch Ships trading in thofe Parts, upon
the Records, art entirely ignorant of thé Laws off Préténce of their caurying contraband Goods. *

return and review my M. S. fhall, if this pleafes .

Theolore Af Ard-ibeir, .

tinuing at that Court for a Conftancy, provided |

They alfo advife us, . that the Tranfports and -

they are adtually fitting two and twenty Menof .

A“

Georgia, who came there..Jn: Perfon,to Pay dus: ae
 Some Letters from Madrid import, that King
Puilip V. has refolv’d to abdicate the Crown once
more, in Favour of Prince of Aufturias; and they
tell us farther, that the Cortes are to be forth-
with affembled for that Purpofe ; and thar it will,
ar the fame Time, be propofed to their Delibera-
 tioh, to recal Cardinal Alberoni, fo execute in
Spain the Functions of prime Minifter. .

Dublin, fuly 8. Laft Sunday died Mr. Harri-
fon, a Banker, and Member of Parliament for Ca-
terlogh County. -— On Monday Lord Falmouth
and Mr. Edgecomb embark for England, if the
Wind proves fair. |

Edinbursh, Fuly 6 On the fourth in the Even-
ning, fome Exprefles arrived from London. This
Morning at 7 the Earl of Delorain’s Regiment be-
fan their March for Glafgow, General Wade

anding to review ‘em as they pafs‘d by. They
have with ’em four fmall Field Pieces, 4 Coe-
horns, and 2 Waggons with Ammunition: 100
of the Grey Horfe were fent before to wait for
Orders art Linlithgow. The General, Advocate,
and Solicitor for Scotland, will follow in a Day

Begining of May laft,
to run Brandy, and carr ooll. ‘Their Car-
go was confign’d toa Merchant in Lisbon, and
they pretend they had not broke Bulk. The
Name of the Mafter is Vaiffeaure.

Sarum, Fuly 15. The Judges went hence this
Morning ; here are two Men condemn’d, both
Smith's, the one for returning from Tranfporta-
tion, the other a moft notorious Rogue, who has
endeavout'd to fave his Life by. impeaching feve-
ral Perfons in this County and Gloucefterfhire
this 12 Months paft; at his Tryal he refus’d to
plead for fome time, till he wasaffur’d what the
Confequence of his Refufal would be. When he
was found Guilty, he publickly, in open Court,
curfed the whole Bench.— This is the fame Smith
you mentioned in your Journal about a Year fince.

At the Affizes at Hertford, John Dawfon was

try'd for robbing the Chefter Mail ; and, contrary

to all Expectation, acquitted of the Fa&. The

Evidence agaiift him was his Accomplice, Wil-
liam Gordon, and the moft material Circumftan-
ces, corroborated by other Witnefles ; buc the Ju-

or two, who are to enquire into the Matter of|ry woudl believe none of them, it feems. He is

the Difturbance. ——-The Hopeful is arrived in the.

Harbour of Leith, from London, laden with Pow-
der, Ball, Spades, Shovels, Pickaxes, Wheel-
barrows, and other Military Inftruments, which
they are unlading as faft as ‘may be, to fend to
Invernefs for the Ufe of the Forces that are go-
ing to the Highlands.

Edirhurch, July 10. On Tuefday Mr. Campbell
of Shawfield’s Coach was broke to pieces by the
Mcb, 1n the Grafs-Market. }

Glafrsw, Zuly9. ‘This Day the Troops and the
General arrived here without Oppofition.
| From Nottingham, Thar the Lord Vifcount

How's Horfe won the King’s Plate ther’.

From Cambridee, That ah A& was held there
on the Subject ot Confumptions, when a convincin
Proof was given, of Dr. Ratcliff’s dudgment of
the Advantage of Travelling to Phyficians, in the
Perfon of Dr. Lowther.

From Reading, That Earl Cadogan has been
dangeroufly ill-of a Fiftula, at his Seat at Cauf-
fam ; but having been cut for the fame, his Lord-
_ fhip is now on the mending Hand. )

From Liverpoole, That Mr. Brereton, one of their |

Members, arrived there laft Weck,- having been
met at Warrington by great Numbers of People,
and by them attended to that Borough, where he
was fplendidly cntertain’d in the Exchange-Hall

_ by the Corporation, and afterwards by John Good-|for converting the Savage Americans te Chrifti-

‘wyn, Efq; she Mayor of the faid Corporation at
his own Heafe.

Maidftone, July 9. This Day Mr. Matthias Ca-
ter, und Mrs. Mary Horne, (the former, Stew-
ard, and the latter; Houfe-keeper to the Earl of
Suffolk) were committed to our Goal. They
were apprehended near Chatham, and are charg-
ed with robbing the faid Earl of Moncey, Bank-
Bills, his Parliament Robes, and other Things to
a confiderable Value. 'TheGoods are all reftor’d,
among which is a Cane that his Lordthip values
highly on fome Family Account. ‘Tis faid that
Mr. Cater has done thisfrom a Refentment of the
iJi Ufage he pretends to have received from the
Earl, fince his late Difgrace. He isthe fame
Perfon who ftood in the Pillory lately by a Vote
of the Houfe of Lords, on Account of granting
illegal Proteétions to skreen People from their
Creditors, in the Earl of Suffolk’s Name.

Maidfione, Yuly 13. ‘This Day 18 Frenchmen
were committed to our Goal, having been re-
moved by Habeas Corpus from Rye in Suflex.
"They are charg’d with beating and abufing his
Majefty’s Officers in the Execution of their Duty ;
and were feiz'd in a QJpop near Lydd, about the.

yet detain’d in Cuftody for a Robbery in the
County of Northampton, for which he cannot be
try’d till the Lent Affizes.

At the Affizes held at the Caftle of Winche-
fter, for the County of Southampton, two Male-
fa&tors received Sentence of Death, one for Horfe-
ftealing, and another for felonioufly breaking o-
pen a Houle.

LONDON, Faly 17.

Laft Week three Deer Stealers ‘hot and car-
ry'd off a Buck at Ebfield-Chace; next Day the
fhot another, and the Keepers coming out again

on Sufpicion of a Déligny provided tye Reverend Clergy beloaging te this
)

m6ft famous and confpicuous Church, would pur
all the Benefa&tors Names in Print, with the
Sums they have fubfcribed, to fatisfy them their
Money will fpeedily be laid out for carrying on
this very neceffary, and no lefs charitable Work,
to prevent this ftately old Cathedral from falling
upon their Heads.

This will give great Satisfa&ion to all con-
cernd, and fet the good Defign in true Light.

| . ~ Yours, &e.

Next Weck comes on the Ele&ion of Mafter of
the Grand Khaibar, in the Room of Mr. Robert
Prior, deceafed, at which the feveral Members,
Honorary Brothers and Candidates are defired
to affift. |

The feveral new Streets defign’d in Grofvenor-
Buildings in the Parith of St. George, Hanover-
Square, and lying between New Bond-Street
and Hyde-Park, were particularly named ; up-
on which Occafion Sir Richard Grofvenor, Bar.
gave a very {plendid Entertainment to his Te-
nants, and others concerned in thofe Buildings ;
which he having fome Time fince obtained a
Grant for a Gate isto Hyde-Park, is now ereéting
the fame; as alfoa Lodge for a Keeper con-
{tantly to attend thereat, at his own proper Cofts
and. Charges, and which will be. very fpeedily
opened for the Conveniency of the Nobility and
Gentry inhabiting thofe Parts, in the Centre of
thofe new Buildings. There is now making a
Square called Grofvenor-Square, which, for its

enefs and Beauty will far exceed any yer
in or about London. |

Prefermants, Francis Sorrel, Efg; is appointed

Agent to the Commiffioners of the Revenue in Ire-

them, they fir’d at them alfo; butthey returning tland, in the Reon of Mr. French, deceafed. —
the Fire, one of the Deer S:ealers was kill’d, who} Dr. Bale is ele€&ted Phyfician to the Charter Houfe,
proves to be a Wheelwright on Tower-Hill, the|and Dr. Plumptree ‘Treafurer to the College of

other two efcap'd.

PhyGicians, -both in the Room of Dr. Levir, de-

Wednefday the Rt. Hon. the Lord Mayor held ceas'd. ———--— Tho Reverend Mr. Francis Laf-
his Court for Confervation of the Kiver Thames, {cels ts Prefenred to the Vicarage of Beskington,

at Putney ; and yefterday hedid the like at Strac-{in the

ford and Greenwich.
The fame Day Money was fent under a Guard
to Portfmouth, for paying off the Company of his

| Majefty’s Ship the Alborough at that Place.

His Majefty having been gracioufly pleafed to
grant a Charter for eref&ting a College, by the
Name of St. Paul’s College in the Ifles of Ber-
muda, or Summer Iflands, for the better fupply-
ing of Churches in our foreign Plantations, and

anity; we hear the faid College is to contain a
Prefident and nine Fellews; the firft Prefidenc is
George Berkely, D. D. and Dean of Derry; _ the
three Fellows nam’d in the Charter, are, Wil-
liam 'Thompfon, Jonathan Rogers, and James
King, Mafter of Arts, and Fellows of Trinity
College near Dublin: ‘The Nomination of a Pre-
fident is referv'd to the Crown: The Election of
the Fellows is vetted in the Prefident and Ma-
jority of the Fellows, as is likewife the Govern-
ment of the Society; The Lord Bifhop of Lon-
don for the ‘Time being, is appointed Vifitor, and
fuch of his Majefty’s Principal Secretaries
State for the 'Fime being, as hath America in
his Province, is appointed Chancellor of the {aid
College. . a
“Am a true and fincere Well-wifher to th
Church of England, as by Law eftablifh’d, am
very glad to hear fuch a general Inclination a-
mong Perfons of Worth and Quality, to become
Bencfadtors, and to contribute fo largely at this
Time towards the repairing of Lincoln Minfter.
‘IT would gladly be a Benefa&tor my felf, and am
now as ready as any, to join in fo good a Work,

unty and Diocefs of London: The Rev.
Mr, John Colfan to the Vicarage of Frampton, in
the County of Dorfet and Diacefs of Briftol. —
The Reverend Mr. Francis Richardfon is pre-
fented to the Vicarage of Husband Crawley, alias
Husbourne Crawley, in the Cuunty of Bedford,
and Diocefe of Lincoln.
A Hundred Men are employ’d in cleanfin

the Wet Dock at Deptford, at the Expence o

f

the South-Sea Company, tn Order to receive their .
Greenland Ships, which ’tis faid are expeéted °

next Month.

Walter Plummer, Efq; is going to be married
to Mifs Hanbury, Serjeant Hanbury‘s Daughter.

On Sunday Night laft three Men attempted to
carry off fome Leaden Flower-Pots out of she
Garden of Sir Hans Sloane at Bloémsbury, the
Gardener fecured one of them rill Affiffance came
to him; and being carried before Juftice Ellis,
he was committed to Newgate. *"""

On Tuefday laft the gd Regiment of Guards

erform’d a fine Exercife in Hyde-Park, firing

in Platoons, &c. with great Dexterity.

of} William Ryder, Efq; his Majefty’s Conful’ for

Madera, will embark for that Place, wirh his
Famil

.On Monday laft, one Thomas Dean, a Grena-
dier ig the Second Reginrent of Foot-Guards, was
whipt in ‘Hyde-Park the fecond Time for De-
His Wifc thereupon hang’d her felf in
Herown Room, in-‘Excrer Court in the Strand ;
in which difmal Pofture fhe was found on Tucf-
day Morning. ,

A new Commiffion of the Peace. is. pafling. the
Seals for Devonthire.- :

very foon, on board his Majefty’s Ship
{the Kinfale at Portfmouth.
 A Commiffion of the Peace is preparing for
fome Parts of Scotland,. on Occafion of the late
“Tumult there. , _ ;

"Tis faid the Lord Chancellor will fic one Day
in a Week, during the Vacation. |

The Earl of Macclesfield is every Day expected
out of the Tower.

By divers other Letters we underftand, That
Matters are pretty quiet in Scotland ; Sir Jofeph

ekyl is arrived at his Seat as Dalington, near
Hoxchampton ; Tho. Coplefton, Efq; Member of
Parliament is gone for Ireland; Wm. Poultney
for Staffordfhire. .Wm, Carr, Efq; Member and
Mayor for Newcaftle, arrived there in a moft
{fplendid Manner, and welcom’d by all Sorts of
People, who fignify’d their Joy a thoufand Ways:
My Lord and Lady Harvey are cometo Town from
Bath. ‘The Earl of Chefterfield is ill at his Seat
in Derbyfhire; as is the Bifhop of Durham's!
Lady, alfoa Reverend Divine at Reading, and
Intereft is making againft the Vacancy happens;
but Dr. Clagete-at Bury, Archdeacon of Sudbu-
ry, who was thought to be near his Diffolutioa,
is fo well recover’d, that fome who gap‘d for his!
Preferments, mutt defer their Hopes. The Bifhop!
of Rochefter’; Daughter, Wife of Dr. Denne of
Shoreditch, is brought to Bed of a Son, which!
ftops his Lordihip’s Joursiey to Leicefter ft: ‘Ge

There’s an open Rupture in Herefordshire be-;
tween a certain great Man and the Law, by the}
Operation of which the Sheri has feiz'd his Oxen,'!

$

>:

Horfes, and his Park; and they tall of layin;:'

" 2 ;
Siege to his Cuftle, where his Greacnefs has now :
Shut himfelf up.

South-Scea Stock is 119, three Sths. India 162,
one half. Bank 134,one half. African 11.

To Morrow there wilt be two Sermon preached at the
United Parifh of St. Olave's-fewry, ard St. Martin's
Tronmonger~Lane, for the Benefit of the Charity Cchil~
dren belonging thereunto; that in the Morning by the
| Reverend Mr. Day, Letturer of AlbaHows Bread-Street;
and that in the Afternoon by the Reverend Mr. Wilkin-
fon, Curate of the Savoy-Chuvch,

To Morrcw alfo there will be two Charity Sernzons
preached at St. Edmond the King in Lombavd-Street ;
that in the Morning by the Reverend Mr. Smith, Rettor
of St. Mary Aldermanbury , and that in the Afternoon,
by the Reverend Mr. Hendley, Reviver of the amvient
Elocution of the Pulpit. And

To Morrow will be two Charity Sermons preach'd at-
the Parifh Church of St. Stephen Walbrook ; that in the
Morning by the Reverend Mr. Nicholfon, Lecturer of St.
Sepulchres ; aud that in the Afternoon by the Reverend ,
Mr. Scot, Leffurer of St. Chriffopber's, for the Benefit;
of the Society Childven belonging to the faid Church.

To Morrow likewife there wik be two Charity Ser-
mons preached at the United Parifo Oburch of St. Fohn'
Zachery’s, within Alderfeate-, that in the Morning by ,
the Reverend Mr. Scott of St. Chvriftoper's ; and that
in the Afternoon by the Revevend Mr. Smith of St. Ka-

therine Cree Church, for the Benefit of thofe poor Children,

ADVERTISEMENTS

th of July Inftant, a young Man of a middle Size,

Toews 24 ears af Age, left an Iron grey Gelding a-'
bout 14 Hands high, low Back’d, a long Swith Tail, w ite)
towards the Bottom, a white Speck upon the off Thigh be-
hind, left at the Sign of the Chriftopher in Eaton, near;
Windfor : If the right Owner will come and pay the Charge,

e may have bim again.

N the gth of thie Inftant July, elop’d from her Husband
O and three finall Children, a flender middle-fiz'd Woman,
about 24 Years of
afd Hair, round Vifage, pale Complectio
figured with the Small-Pox. She wears a W
and black Cloath Petticoat, and fometimes a new clonded
Stuff-Gown, with White, Red and Green, and a blue Camb-
let Cloat bound with white Ferret. She ufed to deal in
Flollands, Lace, &c. and has impos’d on many People, by ta-
king up Goods in other Perfons Names, &e. and paffes for
-a Gentleman’s Daughter in Wales.

and alittle dif-

{aid Woman, and fend Word to John Jones, Show-Man, in,

*St. Dunftan’s Church ia Fleet-Screet,

ite DimityGown !

oever will ftop the ; wronged mey in fellin

7 4 a | Paes . » ftus
Hereasin mift’s weekly journal, on Saturday the 2oth of

February 1725, as alfo in other papers of the fame date, |
and fince, is advertisd a powder lately imported, which in
evcry re pect fully anfwers the ule of Coffee, and there being
a larger demand than was expected, feveral perfons went
without; care .will be taken for the future to prevent the
like, a large parce, being jult arrived exceeding fine and goo
which may be tafted at the firft houfe on tne lefc hand in Bell .
Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill upone pair of Stairs, where any .
Quantity may be had at 2s. 6d, per pound: N. B. No lefS,
than one pound is fold; it will anfwer without mixture of j
co
ment,

Juft publithed, (with his true Effigies prefix'd, and a Copy of ;
Place of Execue |

the Paper defign’d to be-deliver’d at the
tion, added) the fecond Edition, of oo.

*;* The Life of Jonathan Wild, from his [Firth to his
Death; containing his Rife and Progtef$ in *oguery, his
firft Acquaintance with Thieves, by,

felf their Mead or Governor, his Difcipline over them, his
Policy and great Cunning in governing them, the feveral
Clafies of! Thieves under his Command, in wiich all his In-
trigues, Plots and Artifices are accounted for and laid open,
intermix’d with feveral diverting Stories. Ry H. D. late Clerk
to Juftice R~—, Printed 1o°T. Warner at the Black-Boy in
Pater-nofter-raw. Price one Shilling.

This Day is publifh’d for May (being the fifth)

*," NewMemoirs of Literature, containing an Account
of new Books p:inted botii atc Home and Abroad, with bif-
fertations unon feveral Subjccts, Mifcellaneous Obfervati-
ons, &c. N. B. the Memoirs ior June will foon be publith'd.
Printed for William and John Innys, at the Welt End of
St. Paul’s, 8vo. Price 1s. each.

On Monday will be publita’d, the fecond Vol. of
. “* THE HUMORIST, being Effays upon feveral Sub-
jects, viz. Aa Account of the Author, Stockjobbers, Authors,
‘syavels,, Fancy, Journalilts, the Weather, Hope, Educa-
ton, Pratiag, Modern Inventions, Luxury, Libels, Popu-
dur Difconcents, _vreat Men, Theatrical Entertainments,
Methodin Writing, Suicide, Infidelity, Publick § orts, Le-
vity, the Duty of authors, a Club or Authors, Hzappinefs,
Women, Coffee-lfoufes, Mafquerades, Patriotifin, Bitnop
Burner's Hiftory, Mortality, the Characters of different Na-
ticns, sedition, Hopcrs, fume Characters of the vrefent Age.
Printed for Tho. ¥V ward, at the Hali-foon over-gninft

Where may be'had

I. The 3d Euition of th: fir® Voi. y °

Tf. Cayo’s Letters in Four neat Pocker Vols.
Character of the lace John Treachid, Etg;

Tit. The Art of Thinsing, ty Moat. Croufaz, in = Vols.

Ottavo.. |
. This Cav is publim’d.
*,* A Difcourfe of Mercer, preached in the Chapel of
Lincoln’s-Inn, and puji's-1 at cee Requefr of the Wor-
thipful the Mafters of fhe Yenen. Ry Wi: LIAM LUP-
TON, 3. D. Preacher tot-e ifonourable Sociesy. Printed

with the

for S. Keble near Serjeant’s-Tnn_ in Chancery-Lan i. Cro-
Kat, at the Goleen fez, aud Tho. Worral, at che | udge’s

Head, in Flret-Street.

WW Hereas Henry Sears, Serven. to Edward Towrf:nd
Farmer, at Brockley in rent; went away trom his

»faid Mafter on the rcth of this (nftarit; ueis abour 12

Years of Age, pretty much distigured with the Small-Pox,
had on, when went away, a Brown Coats; he -vus lately
put out by the Charity School of the Parifh of Camerweit.
f the aforefaid Henry Sears will return tu his M-uter, he
fhall be kindly received ; or if any Perfon entertains him,
be it at their Peril.
UST now arrived another large Parcel of i:cw Sturgeon
from the Eaft Country of the right wiit:S.~ . Yo hahad

at the Fifhmongers, and no where elie, 22 2.07 chéQver
Rates than the Hamborough Sturgeon, a?rectii:: at the
Coftec-Honufe. } ,

Steer or ftrayed ont of the Grounds of Richer ifayes,
of the Parifh of Cobham, in the County of Kent, bea
Day of July 1725, a dark Brown Gelding, about 15 14:5
high, and 5 Years old, having afinall white Staren ve we.
head, his Eyes {mall and dull, with a fhort Swifts Tsai, up-
on Sight appears to be a Rig butis cleancut., If 3:7 Per-
fon cin give any Tydings of him to Mr. William Anns, at
the Sign of the Hand and Rummer in Queen-Styeer, London
or tothe faid Rich. Hayes, fo that he may behad .giin, tall
receive a Guinea Reward, and reafonable Charges.

groan or ftrayed out of the Tenter Grounds at Wand{-
worth in Surry, a black Gelding near 15 Havds hig’,

ad

{full aged, with a Swith Pail, a fmal! Star on-his Fore-ad,

a Stroke of White crofs the Top of his Head behind his kus
his Withers lately, hurt with che Saidle, and lame of his off
Feet before. Any Perfon bringing the faid Horfe to Mr.
Young's, at the Spread-Eagle at Wandfyorth, aforefiid,
thall have halfa2 Guinea Reward, and reafonable Charges. —

Dr. GODFREY’s FAMOUS WORM PLAITES,

Age (But looks much younger) black E c| S tobe fold at Mr. Lioyd’s, at Blackfryers Stairs, for 3

Pence each ; it is a Remedy aporoved of beyond al! Me-
dicines yet found ont, for the Stonpage of the Stomach, Short-
nes of Breath, and deftroying of Worms ; it is very agree-
able to the weakelt Capacity, that you may apply it to rhe
Stomach of a Child a Week old, or to a Woman netr her
‘Time. Thefe Plaifters are not adveytifed in the News for
want of Trade, but to prevent thofe Impoftors that have
Plaifters about the Streets in my
Name.

ichcke-L near James's Rope-Walk, by the Hermi- | many Years, but now at the above-nam‘'d Mm Lioyd’s, at
Pita fhall eecive ail ieafenable Satisfaction. | Black-Frryers Stseet .

what Arts he made him-!

gets, Fatitns,

. B. Thefe Plaifters wete fold if. Moor-Tields jsuem fora final Po Goods with ready Mogagss ag dai

an a) eo ma) ns oe . jiae t

oe

TH E New Inn at Sherborn am Dorfethire; is to be Tet
L at Michaelmas next. Enquire of Mr. Franés Func,
Attorney at Law, living in Sherborn. , ..

Lately publifh’d the third Edition, corrected, with lars

7 Additions of ‘ ;

*," A VIEW of LONDON and WESTMINSTE® ; ox
the TOWN-SPY 3; conraining, amongit many other d:-
yciting Matters, new Votcs and Schemes of the [rith Socic-
ty of Kortune-:tunters. Cf tne Lawyers at Sc. Ciement’s and

t. Dunttan’s, the kepr vtiftretes at St. Anciew’s, the Hizh
and Low Church Mob at st. ‘rides, the Blackfrye(s Printers,

.

» and hath been much approved on fince the Advertife-fand the Ludgatc-hill Merders. An Account of Jonathan

Wild’s Funeral Preceffion, and of a farpiizing Snecific: tor
the Cure of felonicns, frau tulent, and corrupt ifabits, being”
an Handkerchicfdipt in his #iood, high'y nece@ury vo be uted
at this time in Great Britain. A Character of a City Churcii-
warden, the Cuftoms of the Citizens on the Sabbarh-day, tie
Pride, Intrigues, and Degeneracy of the City Wives, ofthe
Band of Petticoat Pentioners begetting young Merchnts
and Shopkeepers: Alfo of the Adventures of N--rt--n and
Rodigro, two famous Stallions, &c. Sold by T. Warner, at
the Black Boy in Pater No‘tcr ow, and by the Lookfeilers
of London and Weltminfter. Price one Shilling.

Juk publifh’d, in Pocket Volumes, ae
* a" A Sett of 36.new and correct Maps of Scotland, di-

“#vided into Shires- Alfo a Sett of 50 new and correct Ma

of the Counties of England, with the great Roads, and prin«
cipal crofs Roads, thewing the computed Miles from Town
to Town. Both by H. Moll, Geographer. Printed and fold
by Tho. Bowles, in St. Pant’s Church-Yard, and J. Bowleg
over-guinft Stocks-Market, and at Mer rs-Hall.

Where may be ;
PRACTICAL ARCHITECTUOR®, reorefenting the
five Orders, with their feveral Doors and Windows, tatéen
from Inigo Jones, and’ other cclebrared Architects, Wi
Tables of Proportions. Likewife the Artof Sound B
Both by Wm. Halfpenny, |

__ This Day is publithed,
*}* PROPOSALS for printing by Subfcription, a
flation of Monfienr Rapin Thoyra’s taeda

ngland, which, afcer a fhort Introduction, explain} :

Manners, Cuitoms, Ufages, Goveinment, and the Religion
of the Antient Britons, co:nmences with the Invdfion of Je
lius C’-far, and concludes with the. Revolution. A further
Account of ths uf:ful and judicious Performance, igs con-
tain'd in the ?laa or Scheme- printed with the Propofals
whic may be hadof W. Mears. at the Lamb, F. Clay ae
the Bib:e, and D. Brown, Jun. ar the Black Swan, all with.
out Tome Bar 3, J. eman An Rufiel Street, Covent
Garcer, and J. Groene wteen, » Vanderhoe
Exetsr-Change in the Str-fid. erases near

ULALIUM ASTUMATICUM, or the Afthmatich Tue
lep, which is known by many Years Experience to ee a
ver fuiling Medicine in old obftinate Afthma's, whofe fliffo-
cating Fi: it putsoff in a Moment; it gives a perfeét Relief
in ftrainirig laborious Coughs, that are unmercifally trouble-
fom: Nigh: and Morning 5 ‘tis a moft excellent Remedy for
Shormnels of Breath upon any Motion, and in Breaching with
Difhenlty, Straightnes of the Breaft, with tHoarfenefs and
Wheezing. Nothing exceeds this admirable Juico, for by apen-

? Jing the Brenchial Ducts and Penumonick Paffages; it pene-

ciates in the inmoft Receffes o® the Lungs, and there meeting
vath tongh, trick, cold, claminy; fliny Phlepm, fo attenuates,
Uvides, moves and Works It, that by eovghtiz and fnitting, iL
spectortes and throw; upall fuck Marter wirh che- greateft
tafe and Visaiure, thereby cler.ving and freeing the Breaft
and Lu: gs, avhen tw%ed up and clogged with a heavy Load, and
fo prevents Contuinptions, Ulcers of the Lungs, &e; Note,
'. isa fSte and pieafant Medicine ; to be taken by Spootitius,
according to the printed Dire‘tions, without the leaft Confine
invit, «¢ Danger of catching Cold. To behadat Mr. George
Stranan’s at the Golden- Ball over-agajnft the R oyal-Exchange,.
Cormull, and at no other Place. Brice 25. 6d, ”

a J John Rydings, living at the Plough
ee J Alehoufe in stocks-Market, having been
long aHicted with fore Eyes, which pra-
ceeded? rom an extraordinary Cold, fo that
Twas in Danger of lofing my Sight, while T lived in this
World, had I-not been advifed ta annly my felf to Mrs. Ca-
ter, atthe Hand and Eye in Caftle-Court in Birchin-Lane,
wno, Under God, hath made a pereét Cure in as thort atime
as could be exnested, to the Surprize of all thar knew mes
and this I defire ~ay be vublifhed for the Renefit of thofe
tat may have the \i:s‘urtuac to want the Affittance.of fo ex-
rerionced a Perfon. Given under my Hand the rth of June,
1723. John Rydings.

Note, She cures without any Inftrument ; and fhe infallibly
eures the Ague, Without the leaft Grain of Cortex, or that
they cal! the Jeliits Bark. Price five Shillings the Vial. No
Letters received except Poft paid.

HS. Long. Salefman, Remov'd from
undey AldgateChurch-School, the
Comer of H»undflitch, by Aldgate, ro
his Warchoule, the Lyon and Lamb,
the Corner of 'Vine- Street, 8 or 10 Doors
down the Minorics, the Right Hand
Roi ng from Aldgate. Yor may haveall
orts of Cloaths ready mada fox Me

SIGH Poys, Riding-Hdods, Uses See
ee Riding WORE, ClonthacStae ak
“agathies, Duroys and Ca 7

iece, Wholefale or Retail, the towelt Pr

rf : ny By
wo = ‘ Ls aq
y wo » Were
x: sy ys, Re)
aw oy
2 earn oe PO

Ras

(|
'
 —-: OU

7 ore oe. yo
~ iene td - hamineatll *
, ~

al
~

Zane Fleet-Street ; where all Per

‘a Graduate Phyfician, who has

terfeit.

i \
@,

Juft publithed, the fixth Edition of
*.* An Effay of HEALTH and LONG LIFE, by
Printed for G. Stra-

George Cheyne, M. D. and F. R. S.
h.n at the Golden-Ball, over-againft the Royal-Exchange in
Cornhill, and J. Leake, Bookitller at Bath. Prices s.

Where may be had, ;
I. An Effay of the true Nature and due Method of trea-

ting the Gout ; together with an Account of the Nature and

uality of Bath Waters, the Manner of ufing them, and the
Diteafes in which they are proper ; as alfo of the Nature
and Cure of moft chronical Diftempers, not publifhed before,
the sth Edition revifed.

It. A new Theory of acute and flow continued Fevers, |

and the iviannero

wherein befides the Appearances ot fuch
f the Glands, and the

their Cure occifionally, the Structure o

Manner and Laws of Secretion, the Operation of purgative, |

vomative and mercurial Medicines, are-mgechanically ex-
plained : To whichis prefix'd, An Effay concerning the Im-
provements of the Theory of The 3d Edition,
with many Additions. _ oo.

Ill. The philofophical Principles of Religion, natural and :
revealed, intwo Parts: The firlt containing the Elements of
natural Philofophy, and the Proofs of naturyJ Religion: ‘Ihe
fecond Part, containing the Nature of Infinjty: Together
with the philofophick Principles of revealed 4eligion. All

by the fame Author.
BRISTOL HOT-WELL WATERS,
Refh from the Wells, will be fold and delivered to any
Part of the Town at fix Shilings per Dezen, with the

Bottles, from Mr. kichard Briftow s, Gold{mirh, near Bride-
fonsthat have Occafion

Medicine.

for the faid Waters, may be fully fatisfy’d of their being
genuine and pure from their Spring ; and Caye will be taken |
to'.deilver therh well cork’d and clear.

Teétuarium Mirabile: Or, the Admirable Electuary, ‘fel

which infallibly cures all Legrees and Symptoms of the :
fecret Difeafe, with more Eafe, Speed and Safety, than any
Medicine yet publithed; any old K nnning, &c. though of
feveral Years franding, whether occafioned by an over-{train
Weaknefs of the Seminall, or the Reli¢ts of a former Infecti-
on, is certainly cur’d in 2 fhort Time, without a Minute’s
Confinement, Sulpicion, or the Use of Aftringents, being a
Medicine fo wonderfully pleafant and eafy in 1ts Uperation,
that the niceft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may take jr

Fa
'

with Delight: ‘Two Pots are gencrally fufficient to compleat | Dif

a Cure in moft Cafes. To be had only of the Author Dr. Cam,
iblifhed it 20 Years, and is

conftantly to be advis'd with at his Honfe at the Golden-Ball ,

and Lamp, in Bow-Cbhurch-Yard in Cheapfide, at half a Guinea

the Pot.

Againftthe VENEREAL DISEASE, |

T HE famous Italian BOLUS, has fo groat Succefs in

the Cure of the Venerenl Difeafe, that not one oF the
great Numbers that daily take it mifs ot 2 perfect Cure ; and.
though fo very cheap as 2$- 6d. each, yet four Boluffes never
fail to root out and carry Sf the moft mrlignant, virulent,
and obftinate kind of the venereal Difeafe, without Confine-
ment, or making your Safe known to any 3 which, ifit fails
to do, the Moneyisret™tfhed. This great Medicine likewife
deftroys Mercury, an “Aatries it out of the Body, and thereby
relieves thofe unfortuM’fe Perfons who have fallen into bad
Ffands in former Cures. Is to be had only at the Flaming
Sword the corner of Ruffel-Strect, over againft Will's Coffee
Houfe, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Place is Coun-

*

SHORT and infallible Cure forthe Itch or any itching
4} Humour, or feorbutick Breaking out whatfoever, thongh
it be never fo bad or of never fo Jong ftanding, by a fpecitick
Electuary, particularly adapted for that Purpofe, and many
Years experienced: It is the moft wonderful Secret in the
World for the Cure of that troublefome Diftemper, and the
Scurvy: For in twoor three times taking, it certainly clean-
fes and rectifies the Blood and Juices to Admiration, frees
them from all manner of Impurities, and abfulutely ftrikes at
the very Root of the Itch or other fcorbutick Breakings out
fo as infallibly to accomplith a Cure in two or three Days, to
a Miracle, and that with the greateft Eafe and Safety imagi-
nable, without the leaft Trouble or Confinement. Is fold on-
ly by Mr. Sanders, Haberdafher of Small Wares, ‘at the Blue
Ball in Fenchurch-Street, near Aldgate, at 3s. a Box.

A new Fdition is jut publifhed, of
| E Practical Scheme of the SECRET
DISEASE, a GLEET, and a Broken
Conftitution by faft Living, former Cures,
Salivations, Mercury &ce. teaching Perfons
to underftand Rightly their own Cale, and
tocure themfelves without making their
) Condition known to any one. Dedicated
, BEA to Dr. Chamberlen. This highly nfeful
and inftruétive little Rook is Given Gratis Up One Pair of
Stairs at the Celebrated Anodyne NECKLACE, Recom-
mended by Dr. Chamberlen for Children’s Feeth, next to the
Rofe Tavern without Temple-Bar. and at Mr. Jeremiah
Pain’s the Sign of the Bunch of Grapes the firft Toythop on
Right Hand juft within Pope’s ead-Ally from Cornhill,
right, over-againft the Royal-Exchange. Where are to be had
the famous Anodyne NECKLACES for Children's Teeth
fealed up along with the Liquid Coral to make the Gums give
‘way for the ‘Teeth to come out without Pain. Price both to- !
Freer 5s And the famous Pectoral LOZENGES for that ;
inefs:at Stomach called the HEAR T-BURN, fix-pence

-
-¢«
o

LOND

| off all heavy Slecpinefs, retards Swooning, keeps up the

| Church, Ficet-ftreet, and at Mr. King’s Picture Shop in the

phew,
,omall-Pox, with other

Newly publifhed, the 2d Edition (neatly printed, dedi
a , ted to
the College or Phyficians, and Compan hIpeon
recommended by many of them) oft y ° Surgeons, and
x” She molt lure experienced Method of curi

nereal Diftemper, in all its various Appearances aed Gone,
quences. With the proper Remedies for every Occafion there-
of, prefcribed, asthe fame are approved, and at this Day pra
ctifed, by all the eminent Phyficians and Surgeons in ie
Yope 3 preliminary to which, the Nature, Kinds and Seat
of the Difeafe, are unfolded, and the Parts of Generation
in both Sexes liable to venereal Injuries, deferib'd The
whole being an Epitome of every Thing that has been a
terially and authentically wrote by all Authorsof our OW 1%
and other Nations, upon this Subject. Compiled for the
Ufe of Country Practitioners, and all young Phyficians and
Surgeons ; as alfo for Patients, to know whether they are
or have been rightly managed in thefe Cures. By a regular
Surgeon, who, at Home and Abroad, has made this Be ch-
of the Profeffion his chief Practice tor above 30 Year a ,
this Addition are many ufeful Additions, and valuable P .
{criptions, among which are the generative Drops, pre sae
red for King Charles and King James If. and the late De
Wail’s famd Electuary and Injection ; as alfo that moft
noble and noted Medicine of the Author, to reftore the whol
Body and Parts weakened and abufed by the Difeafe over.
purging, &c. called Antipharmacum, or Nature’s univerfal
Cleanfer and Strength’ner, never till now made publick -
For the Receipt of which he was offer'd 1530 Piftoles by 2
Boeetan in Se et for and fold by Tho. Crowe”

ookfeller, at the Bellin Pater-Nofter. id
Price Bound zs. 6d. or Row, near Cheapfide.

This f{pecial Notice is given, to prevent Miftar
That Mr. Allcroft is removed a few Doors gees the

street, Viz. ro me pluc-Coat-Boy, a Toyfhop, the fecond

oufe abov xchange-Alley i i inft
Royal-Exchangc : 5 y in Combill, againft the
Hat the & And a'fo to revent counter-eits,
; o much fam’d, and only true Original Ro »

T mical Wath-Balls for beautifying the Facer Neck se fie
that were removed to Mr. Allcroft’s fome Years ago, to pre-
vent Impofitions, (the Truth of which can, and will be atreft.
edas often as required, both by Mr. Allcrofc and Mrs. Giles)
are now fold only at Mr. Allcroft’s Toytho , at the Blue-
Coat-Boy, rhe zd Houfe above Exchange-Alley in Cornhill
againft the Royal Exchange s und at Mrs. Giles's Milliner,

xt Hercules-Pillars-Alle the Temple, i -
Puce 4 ules- ~ a y ple, in Fleec-ftreet.

ey have near thefe 30 Years been ufed and admi

both Sexes of the beft of Quality, and many thou’ by
Gentry aud others, for making the Skin fo delicately fof and
fnooth, as not to be parallel’d by any Wah, &c. vf any
Kind or Form, or any Wafh-Ball notwithftanding what is
faid to the the contrary by Pretenders ; for thefe Ballsare in-
deed real Beantifiers of the Skin, by taking off all Deformi-
ties, as Tetters, Rign-worms, Morphew, Sunburn, Scarf.
Pimples, Pits or Rednefs of the Small-pox, and keeping it
ofa lafting and extrcam Whitenef% ‘They foon alter red
or rough Hands; are admirable in fhaving the Head; they
not only give a more exquifite tharpnefs to the Razor, but fo
comiort the Brain and Nerves, as to prevent catching Cold.
They are ota grateful and pleafint | cent, without the leaft
Grain of Mercury, and may be eaten fortheir Safety,

INCTURA NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordial
Tincture for the Nerves, deing an approved, experienced
and never-fajling Medicament in inking, languifhing, and
lownefs of Spirits, Pa'pitation, or Trembling of the He ia ne
all paralitick, foporole and convu'five Diftempers, and in all
Affiictions oi the Head and Nerves ; it infallibiy prevents the
bad Effects ot Cotice and Tea on the Nerves, which occafions
in moft People the above-mentioned Diforders (with many
more, which youl fee at large in the Book of printed Dire&tj-~
ons) but yet by taking a few Drops ofthis moft pleafznt de-
licate Cordial, in the firft Dith of Coffee or Tea, you may then
drink at Liberty; for this great Medicine penetrates through’
the whole ne: vous Syftem, 2nd fo recruits the Brain and Pree.
cordia with a full Iniux efexulting Spirits, which perform the’
Bufinefs of vital Fun¢tion with frefh Alacrity, and new Brisk--
nefs; fo that the Pulfe, which lay feeble and wavering, now
falls a beating vigorouily, and with great Exaétneis; morez
ever, it wonderfully difperfes Fear, SadnefS, confus’d Thoughts. :
Twitchings o: the Legs and Arms, difturb d Sleep, and alt the
difinal Train of Vapours and Melancholy. It likewife ftops’
Vomiting, puts off Naufeoufhefs, procures a good A tite,:
and is now in great Efteem amongft Quality of the firft Rank
Sold only at G. Strahan’s, Bookfeller, at the Golden Ball in?
Cornhill, over againft the Koyal-Exchange, and at no other

Place. Price 2s. 6d. 7

The chymical Liquor for the Hair, ;
Hich gradually changes red, grey, or Hair of any other
difagreeable Colour, whether of the Head or Eye-brows,:
into any Degree of a Brown, or, by obferving the Direftions:
given with each Bottle, into the moft beautiftil Black in Na-
ture, that neither Time nor Weather can alter; for the Co-
lour will for ever remain as lively as if it naturally grew fo,
It has, with a general Satisfaction to the World, been fold this.
ten Years by Mr. Lockton, only, at the Griffin, the Corner of
Buckler’s-Bury, in the Poultry, where a Lock of Hair may be
feen that was ftain’d with it before it was fitft expos'd to fale.
Price half a Guinea a Rottle. If it does not prove infallible,
return the Liquor, andthe Money fhall be repaid. re is
alfo fold, The fovereign Secret for diflolving the STONE, and
expelling the GRAVEL, being an approved Specifick,. with.
ample Directions. Price 2s. 6d. a Bottle.

To Smell to, &c.
THE, moft Noble Volatile Smelling Bottle in the World;
L which fmelled to, momentarily fetches the moft difmal
fainting or fwooning Fits, and ina Moment removes Fluth-
ings, Vapours, Dulnef$, Head-ach, Megrims, &c. It takes

Spirits to a Miracle, and by its Ufe admits of no Fainting

but invigorates and enlivens the whole Man 3 recreates, and
makes chearfil, a'though never fo fad, and in a Moment
raifes all the fenfitive Facu'ties: It is alfo to be taken in-
wardly by Drops, which effectually takes off and eradicates
the very Caufe; for it potently relieves, comforts and
ftrengthens the Brain, creates and corroborates a Stomach,
removes Sicknefs from it, helps Digeftion, c’eanfes the Blood,
and in a Word, is the greateft Cephalick, Stomatick, He-
pitick, and powerful Aromatick potfible; therefore is ex-
tream neceflary for all Gentlemen, Ladies, &c. always to
be carried in their Pockets. Sold now only at Mr. Mark-
ham's ‘Toythop, at the Seven Stars under St. Dunitan’s

Poultry, at 2s. 6d. each.

. Ax the Dove and Golden Ball in Salisbury-
Court, Fleet-ftreet, liveth a Gentlewoman
that prepares the moft excellent Cofmetick or
Beautifiers yet known, as that moft noble Pre-
paration of Pearl, witha particular beautify-
Ing Fluid, both which uwfed by Ladies of the
sS fi uality; they, with Surprize, take away
a= Kednels, Pimpies, Roughnefs, Worms, Mor-
Scurf, Sun-burn, Freckles, Wrinkles, Pits of the
Defilements of the Skin. Likewife
fhe prepares a fine Italian Cream for the Face, Neck, and
Hands, which plumps and fmooths the Skin to Admiration ;
the Nuns White-Pots, and Tower-Street Pots, with an Eaft-
India Chinefe -Red Liquor, none having the Secret but her-
f: It gives a moft natural and lafting Bluth, that no Perfon
can diftinguifh when on the Face, and not to be rubb’d oft
Allfo to be had, the red Crown-Cakes, Whitc-Pafte, or Cakes
for the Face, or Hands, and all other Cofmeticks formerly fold
hereby Mrs. Hockle. N. B. She has a chymical Liquor which

alters red or grey Hair to a light or dark Brown.

WRIGHT’s Diuretick, or cleanfing Tincture.

W lich urinally difcharges all the feces or putrid relicks of
; the Lues Alamode, or Venercal Infection, and caufes
its Concommitants, the wretched Train of that complicated
‘Diltemper, asa mucous, filthy, fanious Matter lodg'd in the

Reins, or {fpermatick Parts, which either caufe a tharpnefs in
the Urine, or too frequently provokesit. This Relick is
difcoverable, partly by the fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a
Debility or WeaknefS of the Back, a fetid naufeous, and
avcrting Smell of the Urine, with a purulent Matter, or
feculent Sardes, refiding at the Bottom, or flying in it, with
Variety of Figures. Farther, this Tincture efpecially carries
off all Relicks of the Venereal Difeafe, after ill managed
Cures, not only cleanfing the Urina:y Paffages of all Sand,
Gravel, Films, or mem raneous PeRicles, &c. but after a
fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Rens, reftoring them, and
all their genitaj Parts, to their original Tone and Ufe, though
the Mis ortune and Decay be of the longeft Date, with an e-
qual SuccefS in each Sex. To be had for res. per Bottle, with
Directions for its Ufe, only athis Houfe, the Golden Head
and two Lamps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill.
AY a Or T the HUNGARY WATER WARE-
2 HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Comb,
ja Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage-
Inn on Ludgate-Hill, is fold right French
Hungary Water, ‘being the fame Sort fold
Several Years paft, and is eafily diftinguithed
_from the pernicious counterfeit Sort fold a-
44 bout the Town, pretended to be imported
er, &c. Likewifé the following foreign Com-

fron.

modities are fold at the fame Place, viz.

P Right French Hungary Water, at 1s. 3d. the Half-Pint
ottle.
Fine Florence Oil
Right Irifh Ufquebau h, at 2s. the Half-pint Bottle.

at 2s. per Flask.

Fine Orange-Flower Water, at 1s 6d. per Flask

All Sorts of Leghorn and Bermuda Hatts for Ladies.

N. B. There is a Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Flask, to
prevent Counterfcits.

_. Thefe are to inform the Female Sex,
Tet the gentlewoman at the golden ball on puddle dock
hill, near the weft end of St. panl’s church, hath attain’d

to a very ccrtain, fafe, and expeditions way of curing the
many weakneffes and indifpofitions peculiar to thofe of her
own fex; fuch as barrennefS and mifcarriage in married
women ; the green ficknef$ in maids, and many other grie-
vous Iineffes that married women, widows and maids are
fubject to, too tedious here to relate. — a .

On a little difcourfe with the patients, fhe judges of their
cafes and caufes of illnefies, whether it be barrenefs, which
hath many known curable caufes ; the diftinct knowledge of
which fhe is miftref$; feveral of which caufes are little re-
garded, or not known to the patients, therefore thought in-
curable ; or whether mifcaniage, tho’ they have mifcarried
many times, both which fhe cures, through the bleifing of
God, by a very extraordinary method ef excceding fafe and

leifant Medicines, which on many Years Experience have

cen found abfolutely effe&tual for a perfect Cure on great
Numbers of Laties and Gentlewomen of the beft Note in
the Kingdom, in all the above-mentioned Indifpofitions pe-
cullarto the Sex. Sheistobe adviféd with at her Honfe
abovementioned, any Day of the Week. She alfo anfwers
Cafes ftated in Letters fent from the Country, Poft paid.

ON: Printed by NM. AZIST, in Creat-Carter-Lane.
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 17 July 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786131/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 