4

Mr.. ‘MIS 7,

f tifeful an Undertaking. If

univerfally acceptable.

That Kiffing is of fuch very great Antiquity,

* asto be almolt co-#val, with the World ir felf,
we have Reafons more than probable whereon to
round our Belief. " Miltox, upon no vain Con-
yeGure, thus deferibes the firft happy Pair in Pa-
radife, fweetening their Converfation with this a-

grecable Entertainment.
+ aeeeHe, fhe knew would intermix
Grateful Digreffions, and folve high Difpute,
With conjugal Careffes, from his Lip
Not Words alone pleafed her. .

The Conformity of the Ante-diluvian Patriarchs
to their Example, is too well known to need any
Proof, otherwife ic wére not difficult to fhew
». , that:as Kiffing was not inconfiftent with the San-
' ity of their Chara&er,..fo neither. were they.

jncommoded in it by the length of their Beards.

The Kifs of Charity, fo much in Ufe among the
Chriftians of the firft Century, might likewife be
brought asa very good Precedent for our Dire-
&ion ; but .Jeft I be thought to trifle with facred

Things, I fhall content my felf with what I find
in pruphane Authors upon this Subje&; But firft

of all, ‘I’ cannot. forbear taking Notice of one

Thing‘ very remarkable in the People cull'd
Quakers, -who, : notwithftanding their Averfion
to all other’religious Ceremonics, and tho’ rhey

have nothing elfe that’s Apoftojical in their Reli-

gion, are ftill zealoufly fond.of the primitive Kifs.
Some are of Opinion that Kifling owes its O-

riginal to the Tythagorean Philofophy : For the
‘Ancients believed that the Soul, when it was a-

‘bout leaving the Budy, made Ufe of the Mouth
‘for its Paflage ; and. for that Reafon we find that

‘among the Romans, who borrow’d moft of their

Learning from. Greece, and among whom Pythago-
‘vas’s Dottrine had obtain’d, when any Perfon was
:paft hopes of Recovery, his neareft Friends and
‘Relations never failed to kifs and embrace him
“ill he. expired, .believing (as. my Antiquarian
fuppofes) by that pions A& co receive intg their
own Bodies the tranfinigrated Sou) of their dy-
‘ing Friend.. Thus Auguftus is faid to have expir'd
in the Arms of Livia ; but'they might well ima-

gine, as the fame Author farther obferves, that

the Soul was transfufed in the laft A& of Life,
who could fancy it was communicased in an or-

dinary Kifs ; as we find they did by fome Loves
Verfes, whofe Original is ‘afcribed to Plato,-but .
_ gather than injure them by a bad Tranflation, if’
ou_pleafe I’'H' give you thet Senfe in a ‘Line of

"Mr. Cowley, which feenis to allude to them ; ~~
| ——-Nought fhall:my Lips controul,
Clee, V'll kifs thee thro’ and thro’;

J'll kifs thy very SOUL.

¢ - , ,

PAV ER fince I faw the Hiftory and
MA Art of Kiffing advertifed in your
Journal, my Head has run upon
nothing elfe, and as I xm a very
‘Gait zealous Encourager of thar noble
? pee}. Exercife, I would willingly con-
ibure fuch Materials as my Abilities aftord to’
Mr. Sweetlips
thinks thefe few Hints which I here fend inclo-.
fed to you, relating to fome of thofe Particulars
mentioned in his Propofals, will at all help for-
ward the Work, I fhall efteem it an Honour co
have had the Ieaft Hand in what promifes to be fo

Nie

WEEKLY JOURNAL

SATURDAY, AUGUST 28, 1725.

Quotations were endlef, thefe are fufficient to

fhew that every Age of the World has abound-

ed in Kiffing, and that Hiftories both Sacred and
Prophane are pregnant with Inftances of it; fo
thar they muft have a very ftrong Paffion for
Singularity, who alfe& to ftand out againft what
has been Univerfally received from the moft anci-
ent Records of Time.

__ From the Antiquity and Univerfaliry of Kif-
“fing, I pafs to the Advantages of it, I don’t mean
fuch as accrue from it to the Commonwealth, as
it is introdutory to the increafe of the Numbers
of its Inhabitants: I leave that Topick to be en-
larged upon by fome abler Pen that’s better qua-
lify’d for it, and fhall confider it only as it is, in
irfelf, the moft netural, the moft innocent, rhe
moft delightful, and the moft wholefome Exercife
in the World, which, among mafy others, are
Recommendations that attend it in a very emi-
nent Degree. © ,

Befides what might be urged from its Univer-
fality for its being Natural, ic will appear to be
fo, if we bur juft take Notice of the Sear of Kif-
fing, which is the ruby Pare of the upper and
nether Lip: Now, tho’ I do not pretend to be
Anatomift enough to defcribe the Conftru@ion
of thefe, fo‘as to fhew what Communication they
have with the reft of the Ofculatory Mufcles,
and how they perform their Motion; yet thus
much is evident to common Obfervation, that
their remarkable Softnefs and Plisincy feems pe-
culiarly adapted by Nature for this delightful
Purpofe. If the Ladtes would not think me too
pedantick, I would obferve farther, that the
Word whichin the Latin fignifies a Kifs, is no
other than a Dtminutive of that which ftands
for Mouth, and feems defign’d te:exprefs its Con-

traction, when engaged in this ety oper Office.

So that thofe over-nice Ladies “widely mittake
the Matter, who fancy their Mouths were made
for nothing elfe but eating, and drinking, and
talking; and ‘may fee and be convinced that
they ought at proper Seafons to be employ’d in
the Way which Nature has taught, and which
the ‘Examples of all that went before them have
prefcribed. ‘To this ler me add, with how ftrong
an impulfe is the fond Mother.prompted to fhew
her tender Offspring this Token of her AffeCtion!
Andir is no lefs obfervable, rhat as we imbibe
the relifh of it with our Milk, fo.we retain it
to the laft Breath of our ‘Lives ; for whar elfe
can be the Reafon, but becaufe they would ftill
be agreeable this Way, that ancient People are
generally fo follicitous to conccal rhe Infirmities
of Age, by continually mumbling Sweet-Almonds
and: Sugar Plumbs? But we arg directed to Kif-
fing. by the very Birds-of che Air, for who has
not feen a pair of enamour’d Doves diverting
themielves in the fame Manner?- And why may
we not conclude that Nature as well defigned
their billing and cooing for our Imitation, as the
Serpent’s Wifdom, or the Ant’s Induftry 2

Befides, Doves were always -reprefented as
Emblems of Innocence, which therefore I might
likewife bring for the Proof of my next ‘Point ;
but Lhave.the Examples. of Gods and-Goddefles

(I.don’r mean, fuch Joofe ones as Youve and Fenus

neither, but) of the beft Charagters to fanftify
the Praftice. I fhall only mention Diana, who

did not think it at all ineonfiftent with her invio- |
lable Chaftity, but was exceeding frank in this

~~

CNuie: i8.]

a“ .

Refpe&, and had not half the Referve which

common Mortals now a-days ridiculoufly affeX.

She made no Manner of Seruple of defcending

from her Orb, and ftooping to faluté the Shep-

herd Endymion in his Steep: Which was an In-

fiance of Condefcenfion that fome of our Ladies

(to do “cm but Jultice) do fomctimes vouchfafe té

imitate her in, by beltowing the fame Favours

upon rheir Valets and Footmen. But Idon’tthink

tie greaetcft Abute can be any Manner of Obe

jection againft che Innocence of it; there is ndé-

thing but may be perverted to wrong Purpofes,

nor are even the moft facred Things fecuré from

‘being prophan’d: So that notwich ttanding the

it! Ufe that is made of it by the Ladies of Drury;

and the reft of their Kindred, I can't allow that

it has, in it felf, the leaft Tendéncy to any Thing

that is immodeft. Thofe, indeed, who have a

ftrong Power of Fancy, may make a Shift to raife

aiy obfcene Idea out of this or any other the mot
indifferent A&tion ; but I look upon Kiffing, in its

original Puricy, to be confiftent with the ftri@

Chaftity of a Veftal. By what I have been jut

faying, Iam put in mind of a fqueamith Sort of:
Females that I can’t pafs over, who pretending

to refine upon their Mothers, forfooth, cry out Ag
againft Kiffing, as what fullies the Imagination, -
and fills it with grofs Ideas; and endeavour to

deter others from it, by reprefenting the Perniif-

fion of it to be not only blameable, bur criminal ._

A Sign fure that their Virtue ftands upon a ticks eee
lith Point, if a little innocent Kifling has fuchan
extraordinary affe&t upon ‘em! And yet nothing

is more common than for thefe abftemious Ladies,

who make it fuch a fad Thing to be kif'd by a

Man, to ufe no Manner of Referve towards a-
Monkey, or a Lap-Deg, or, as an ingenious Au-

thor complains, they'll pour a Torrent of Kiffes up--

ona Gat, any one of which a Chriftian would be glad

of. Bur, in Truth, I have a fhrewd Sufpicion

that thofe of this Clafs are, ac Bottom, Hypo-

crites ; and it may be proper to confider them

more particularly in the Panégyrick which you

promife fhall be compoted in Verfe, on Darknefs zs
and Corners. shall '

I prefume [ fhall have no Opponént when |
ferr, that Kifing is delightful ; ee the roving of
this and the wholfomnefs of it, muft bé referr’d to
our next.]

‘FOREIGN AFFAIRS,

They write from Vienna, that the Minifters of
Great.Britain and Pruffia having given his Impe-
rial Majefty the final Refolution of their Princi«
pals, with Refpe& to the Affairs of Religion in
the Empire and Poland, there is no furthér Talk
of Prince Eugene’s going to Hanover ; from
whence they affure us, that France, Sweden and
Denmark, as well as Holland, will enter inte
the Meafures concerted by their Britannick and —
Pruffian Majetties, for maintaining the Treatiésof
Weftphalia and Oliva, and for ballancing ‘the
Treaty lately concluded: between the Enipéror
and the-King of Spain, which has been bantes’
at Florence in a ‘Pafquinade, with an Offed
100 Piftoles Reward to the Difcoverer &€5aay
Article therein, advantagious tu the Crowh' "ad

ain. a ee ae

They write fron. Paris; that the King hagtt
menred the Pay of the French and Swifs Guia

¥,

P . * a. Rang .
es Pa, ore tht errs Pere? ee

an
 tnru'd from Strasburg, and had given an Account: | pén’d about a. Maypole : A neighbouring Gen-

to his Majefty of marrying the Queen by Proxy,
and thar. her Majefty was expected at Fontain-
bleau as this Day. He alto gave an Account of
che Condition of the Forces and Forts in Alface,
aiid. along the Rhine. They add, thar the Dukeé
cf Bourbon was very intent on fome Schemes to
bring the Nacian out of Debt, for which Purpofe,
owns faid, he had fent very prefling Letters for
the famcus Mr. Law to come over. _

Filmouth, Aue. t9. The Scarcity of Corn con-
tinues in the Tfland of Guernfey, and is now fo
great, that they have been cbliged to come un-
der a publick Allowance, which has beei feitled
by the Government there, fo that the richeft
‘amily can have no more than the meaneft, but
ir proportion to their Numbers ; and that which

udds to their melancholy Circumftances 1s, thar

their Harveft is very backward, and like to be ve-
r bad.: - - .

” Canterbury, Aug. 21. The Magiftrates in this
‘City, as alfo thofe at Feverfham, have forbid
the Country People both from bringing to Town

or fellisg in the Marker all fort of Pluinbs, fe-
veral People having dy’d in thofe Places by ea-
ting that fort of Fruit, which, it feems, thro’ the
exeeflive Rains proves very unhkolfome this

Seafon.

_ Exeter,. Aug. zo. The Prefpe& we have in
thefe Parts of a plem.ifal Crop of Apples and
Pears is far fhort of that we had laft Year; the
''ro@s fo far over bore themfelves then, that it
has not only occafioned the Lofs of a great many
of them, bu: fo far hurt thofe that remain, that
its computed we fhan’r make above the 2oth Part
of :zhe Cyder we made Jaft Year.

Salop, Aug. 7. Jofeph Radenhurft was indifted
at our Affizes for robbing Arthur Holding on the
Highway of five Guineas, but was acquitted, and
a Copy of his Indictment granted lim ; -itap-
pearing that the Profecutor rode over the Pri-
{oner’s Child, and being ftopp’d on the Road,
gave the five Guineas for Satisfaftion.

" Hereford, Auz. 9. Joan Pitt, alias Evans, alias
Jones, was try’d here at the Affizes for the Mur.
of a Baftard Child born of fer Body, and
fuppofed to be committed 16 Years ago, at which
binac fhe had a Husband living ; buc was acquit-
ted, and a Copy of the Indi&ment granted. Theo-
philus Jones order’d to continue in Prifon till he

ay a Fine of zol. formerly laid on him for fe-'

citfous Words. .

- Gloucefter, Aug. 14 At our Affizes this Day 0-
lomo S:ai:h received Sentence. to be hang’
sobbing Joun Booth, of the Value of 7-s. on the
Highway. Jrhn Allen to be tranfported for ftea-
ling a Por; he was indifted of 7 Indi&ments, and
hardly found guilty of one, the chicf Evidence
‘peing his Accomplice. John Cavendith, indicted
for the Murder of Anthony Gisburn, was found

guilty of Marnflaughter ; They were both Officers ©

in the fame Regiment, and ic appeared, that be-
caufe Mr. Cavendifh would not lend the Decea-
. fed 301. to make up the Regimental Money
which he had embezzell’d, he drew upon him,
and fore’d him to get.out of Bed to fight, where-
"upon Gisbourn was flain. William Dun, indifted
for beginning to demolifh the Workhoufe at
Stroud, was gcquirted of. that, but found guilty of
making a Riot in order thereto, and fin'd.,
Monmouth, Aug. 16. One and twenty Gentlemen
‘of the Name of Morgan were return’d to ferve
-on the Grand Jury at our Affizes, and 19 of ’em
appear'd. Sir William Morgan, Knight of the
Bath, was Foreman, and the High-Sheriff’s and
Under-Sheriff’s Names were Morgan. .
. Sarum, Aug. 21. At Barford, four Miles
fyom hence, a notable Rencounter lately hap-

for

+t

‘Hatch jin Effex, Colonel

tleman fillpeing it was ftole out of his Woods; ’

came in the Night with a large Poffe to carry it
off ; but the Inhabitants being alarmed, rofe up-
on them, and tho’ they rallied twice, at laft gave
them an entire De'eat, and fent them back with
many broken Heads. |

From Bath, That the Duke and Dutchef$ of
St. Alban’s were come thither for their Healths
fake. Alfo the Lords Lechmere and Ducie.

-From Carlifle, That the Re Hon. the Lord
Lonfdale was lately fworn in as an Alderman of
that Place. | |

From Wisbich, Thatthe Re. Rev. the Bifhop of
Ely had been to preach in their Church, and af-
terwards convfirm'd near 1000 Perions.

From Cheffer, That the Re. Rev. their Bifhop
was return’d from Kendal, and ocher diftant
Parts of his Diucefe, which he had been vifiting.

LONDON, dAuguf 28.
We hear there is a Letter frona Jewin Ja-

maica to his Correfpondent here, giving an Ac-'

count that the Inhabitan:s of the Cicry of Lima,
which is the Capical of Peru in Ameriez, have
revolted from the Spanifh Government, and
turned out the King of ‘Spain’s Viceroy, placing
in his Rooma Native of Peru, but of Spanifh
extract, whom they compliment wich the Ticle
of King. This is a Piece of News of fuch Im-
porrances thar it is mot to be credited withcut
arther Advice, Lima being the Emporeum of all
the T'rad¢ of the Spanifh Weft-Indics. _

"Tis faid at Hanover, that the King. will return
the Beginning of Nov. or before. os

_ TFuctdaythe Half-Pay Officers were paid at the
Horfe.Guards.

Mrs, Compton is appointed Maid of Honour to
her Royal Highnefs the Prineefs of Wales, in the
Room of the Countets of Pembroke.

On Wednefday Morning the Countefs cf Hol-
dernets, Wife to Benjamin Mildmay, “Efq; one
of the Commiffionerss of the Excife, was brought to
Bed of a Son.

A Pardon is preparing to pafs the Seals for
Mr. James Murray, one of thofe concern‘d in the
Rebellion in Scotland. Oo

They write from Scotland, that the Laird of
Tarbor hath fent into the Camp at Inverneis the
Arms belanging to 100 of his Clan ; and, it was
thougtit,- that the reft wsuld follow his Ex-
ample. |

Laft Saturday diddsat his Seat at Aubury-
Jory, formerly a Weft-

India Merchint, and of late Years one of his

-Majefty’s Juftices of thé Peace for Middlefex and

Effex.

The Hearing of tke Cafes of the infolvent
Debtors, both of London and Middlefex who
claim the Benefir of the late A@&, will be-

-ginon Wednefday next at the Seffions at Guildhall

and. Hick’s-Hall. |

On Friday fev’nnight the Lord Bifhop of. Win-
chefter held a Confirmation at Andover, and the
Mayor and Aldermen of that Corporation met,
and complimented his Lordfhip at his Entrance
into the Town. | an

They affure us from feveral Places in Suffex,
that the Weather has been fo favourable to them
there, that the greateft Part of the Harveft in
that County is already carry’d in, and that the
Crop is this Year larger
mong them can remember. . |

They write from Paris, that there were extra-

ordinary Murmurs .amongft the People, oc-_

- cafion’d by the exceflive Price of Bread, infomuch

that Bills were ftuck up in feveral Parts of the

City, threatning an Inferre&ion, unlefs- Orders
were given for fettling Bread at a moderate Price ;

at gg eS Ye ara sate ¢ ae

than the oldeft Man a- [

wherefore Guards were order'd in all the Mar-
kets, and, to pleafe the People, the Liestenant de
Police was chang’d, yet this did nor leffen tte
Price of it; for the wet Weather continuing,
thofe who had Corn by them hoarded ft up for
fear of a Famine, and very little was brought to,
Market. Upon this Scarcity rhe new LiestenAnt
de Police caufed feveral Convents to be fearched;
and in one found a_ confiderable Quantity, which.
they had referv’d for their own Uie; and alfo int

‘a College belonging to the Knights of St. Lazar;

another Hoard was difcover’d, whica: he order’d
to becarry’d to the Market and fold.

A Quantity of Corn fent from England to
Rouen, on Account of particular Merchants, has
been order’d up to Paris by the Governinent, to
fupply that city. - .

We are advifed from the fume Place, that the
two Princes of Bavaria are arrived theve, to fee
the Curiofities of the Court and City; but fome
are of Opinion they have other Bufinefs. Ss.’

On Wednefday Night his Grace the Duke of
Roxburgh refign’d the Seals as his Majefty’s Se- .
cretary of State for Scotland, and we hear the
faid Office will be manag’d for the future by the’
Secretary of State for the Northern Province,

There is Advice that the Pyrates at Newfound-
Jand have deftroy’d 7 French and 5 Englifh Vef-
fels, a::d "tis fear’d, that they have kiil’d the Men
belonging to the Englifh.

We hear from Dublin, that a Man died lately
at Mullingar aged 123. — That one Mr. Builer,
belonging to the Lord Carteret, fell down from
the Top of a Houfe, and was killed by the Fall.

Laft Week dy’d the Lady of Sir Francis Vin-
cent of Surry, Bart.

We have received further pofisive Advices
from Conftantinople, which confirm the Accounts

we gave of the compleat Viftory obtained by

Miriweys over the Orroman Army before Tauris ;
and alfo bring the News, that the great Miri-
weys had been poifoned by his Nephew, who
has taken upon him to govern, but will hardly
be capable of purfuing his Uncle’s enterprifing
Schemes. : : oy

~ Dear Mr. Mift, Auguft 27, 1725:
E T che Charming Clarifcinda know; by pub-
lifhing this in the body-of your next Weekly
Journal, that fhe was met laft Wednelday, near
‘Temple-Bar, by one that is entirely devoted to
her ; on whom neither Time, nor Diftance, nor
any thing that can happen, in Time or Abfence,
fhall have Power to. work a Changes And join
your Wifhes with mine, gentle Mr. Mift, that
fome mark of This being underftood, and accep-
ed, may appear in fome of your future Papers;
for the Confolation of. the Sutfering
| _ CONSTFANTIUS:

To Morrow wilt he preached favo Sermons at St. Cle<
ment’s Eaficheap, in Clement's-Lane, Lombard-fireetz
for the Benefet i 70 poor Children ; that in the Morn
ing by the Rev. Mr. Yobn Henly, the Reforéy of the an-
cient Elicution,. and in the Afternoon by. the Rev. Mr.
Debords, Chaplain to bis Grace the Duke of Dorfet. |

_N.B. The faid Mr. Henley preaches in the Afternoon
at St. Mary's Whichapple, . for the Benefit of 100 poor
Children. — ,

"> Morrow alfo in the Morning there will be a Cha--
rity Sermon preached at Chiflehurft in Kent, fer the
Benefit.of the poor Children of that Parifh, by the Rt.
Rev. the Lord Bifbop of Roche fitk,., a,

South-Sea Stock is 123 Bank 138, 3 8ths.
India 175,176. African 14, 7 8ths.

W ereas Mary Fith, Wife of P. Fifa, living at Old Brent _
ord, inthe Parifh of Ealing, Middlefex, elop’d from
her faid Husband, on Saturday. Ang..the 14th of this Inftant:
Thefe are to defire all Pcrfons not to give her any Credit,
for that he, the faid Philip Fifhewill not pay any. fhe
fhall contract after the Publication hereof, ; ,
 ea

. Month ago, a pretty full fac'd Lad, but

Lo - This Day is publifh’d, | ,
. ** A New TREATIsc£ of .IQUORS, wherein the
Ufe and Abufe of Wine, wiait-Drinks, Water, &c. are par-

ticnlaily confideréed in many Difeafes, Conftirurions, and #
_ Ages withtue proper manner of ufing them, Hot of Go.d, 7
‘@iner-as Phyfick, Diet, of Bath. Con.uning plain and ca- ,

-Rales tor the Prefervat.on of Health, and tie A-tain-
mens of Long tire. Mone whole being a Full Derermination
Qi. 5 ae hath lately been publithed on thofe Subjects, tho’
Sic -eontrary to the Opinions of Dr. Cheyne, Dr. Rou,

, Short, wir, Smith, Lommius, Vander Heyden, Dr. Han-
,aniaotaers. Ly JAMES SEDGWIC., Apothecary
gt: StratfordiceBow. Printed for Charles Kivington at the

. Bible and Crown tn St. Paul's Chnurch-Yard. Price ss.

Where alfo may be hid .
. Dr. Strother’s Effay on Sicknefs and Health, 2d Edition.
OS t about a Month fince, between Deptford” and-+.on-

_don, a :arge dar« fallow colour'’d Lurch r Dog, hav.ng 2
Bob Tail, with his great Teeth before broke; n¢ isto be
kuown by his often bringing a Knife off of a Table at steal
‘Times without bitding, ¢f:ecially to Strangers. Whoever
brings him (or gives Inteliizence fy that he may be had a-
gzin) to the Nag’s-Heaion Tower-Hill, fhall have 10s, Re-
ward, and reafonable Charges. .

. This is to intorm the Curious,

HAT on board a Barge, near the Hoating ‘Tavern (com-
T mon yceal’d the Fouiy) againft Some:ict-Honfe, is to’
be feen the SEA-DOG, or DOG-FISH, lately broughe +rom
Giecniand, in one oi the Honourable South-Se2 Co.npany's
Shiys. It has. ead and a Necklike a Dane Dog, with
‘Whiskers like a Leopard; has 2 fore Fcet, with Claws like
4 Dog, but webb'dlike a wild towl, his Body full and plump,
and his two hinder Legs, each of which he fpreads near a
Four wide, are join’d to his Tail; is alfo hairy, and beauti-
fully fpotred, fo that it is allow'd by all that have {cen it,
to be the greatelt Curiofity of the Kind that ever was feen in”
England. . N. B. This Barge is commodiowly contriv’d for
fhewing this admirab.e Cre..ture, having a Ciftern in the mid-
dle, and good Conveniencies all round for the Spectators view-
ing it with Este; it will be fhewed toOne as well as a Hun-
dred, and is {> tame that Ladies may fee it without Fear or

anger. .

a rcxeas in mift’s weekly journal, on Saturday the 20th of
W February 1725, as alfo in other papers of the fame date,
and fince, is advertisd a powder lately imported, which in
every re.pect fully anfwers the uit of Coffee, and there being
a jarger demand than was expecicd, feveral perfons went
without; care will be taken for the tucure to prevent the
like, a large parccl being juit arrived excveding fine and good,
which may be tdlted at the firft houte on the letc hand in sell
Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill upone pair of Stairs, where an
Quantity may be had at 2s. 6d. perpound. N. B. No 1-fs
than onc poundis foid; it will anfwer without mixture of
coffee, and hath been much approved on fince the Advertife-
ment. -

Rover Bond, Servant to Samuel Brown, Ship Carpenter,

living at Woolwich, went away trom his Mafter about 2
ale, he has his own
B. on one of his Hands, ‘he wears a
Any one that takes him up fhall havea

fhort Harr, he has
fuftian Frock :
Guinea Reward.
Ww Hereas James Crump, of the Parith of Dartford, in

Kent, being mitling by his Friends fince Augnft the
24th, 1725. and hasnot been fince heard of; he 1s a juity freih
colour’d Man, having ona brown fnftian Frock ; but we have
ftrong Sufpicionto believe that he is ftroling infome Part
of St. Olave’s in the forough, Southwark, by Reafon of his
great Coat bcing found in the Watch-Houfe of the {aid Pa-
rifh, he being a Lunatick. Ifany Perfon will fecure him, and
bring him to his Friends at Dartford aforefaid, fhall have a
very handfome Reward.

On Monday Auguit the zoth,
THe Sale of the Library ot the Reverend Mr. Atchdea-
“I con BillingNley begins, at his late Dwciling-Houfe at Rey-
gate, in Swtey, ani will continus there till all the Books
are fold off.
To be Lett,

HE Mannot-Hovufe, calicd Tuttham-Hall, in the Parith

A -of Weft-Farley in the County of Kent (within 4 Miles
ot Maidfton, and ro of Tunbridge-Wells) containing ten or
twelve Roomgon a Foor, ready furnifhed, with three Acres
‘of Gardening, all planted wich the beft and choice Fuits,
moft of the Gardening being walled in, and planted with
utiful Greens now in Perfection, tegethcr with convenient
Stable and Coach-Houfe Room, with a Barn for Hay, and all
other Convenience, and fifteen or twenty Acres of very good
pafture and meadow Ground about the Houft, and a greater
Quantity (if reqnired,) as alfo the Royalty of the Manor,
‘and near three Miles command of the Fithing on the River
Medway, lying before the faid Seat, there being feveral Fith
Ponds weil ftoréd with Fifh, and no Houfe in the County
better fupplied with excellent Water. Enquire of the Rev.
Mr. North a Weft-Farley aforefaid, or Mr. Mat. Cocket at

-the Golden-Ball in Dean-Street in Fetter-Lane, and yon may

know further. | .
Concerning Lunatick or Melancholy Perfons. -
ANS Perfon that has Friend or. Relation (of the female Sex)
affiéted with Lunacy, may have them treatéd with the

‘greateft Care and Lenity, where there is a large Garden,

ood Air, and a very pleafant Situation, not far from Lon-
on: They are attended by Nurfes or Servants of their own
Sex i no Man-Servants being allow'd of, There is likewift
good Accommodation, at an eafy Rate, for Women-Lina-

- ticks or melancholy Perfons, who are deeni’d or thought in-
“curable. En

‘Offiee in Chriftopher'’s Church-yard, Threadnecdle-Street,

quiré at the Goldeni Key near the Penny-Poft
near the Royal-Exchange,. and know farther.
N B. No Men Lunaticks ate entertained at the fame
Ce

‘Authors manu caftigaco, nunc primum in luce.n editi.

A Obfervation, relating not only to the A

%O, F728.
3

ae At
: Hie ‘feen anew Map of Middlefex, EA and Hert-

fordihire, made from an_ actual Survey thereof, un:ler-
taken, by John Warburtan,-Efq; Mr. Jofeph. Bland, and Mr.
pa ler ‘ myth ¢ ahd che. fald- ap being laid befare us by the
ad tr. Sm
Bland: We the: underwri:ten: Perfons do certify, that we
have examin’d the fi d Map-in. the feveral Parts with'n our
refoective Knowieig>, and .do-find the fame to be very care-

fully and accurately perform'd, as witnefS our Hands,

. Molyneux, .
°*Edmond Halley, Aft. Reg, |
ames Bradley, Aft. Prof. Savi.

. Derham, Rector of Upmintter, F. R. S

Mr.

Hi ftnear Doétors-Commons, and Mr. Payler Smyth at his
Chambers, No. 2. in Holborn-Court, Gray’s-Inn.

; Juft. publith’d, _.. |

*,.* PROPOSALS for printing by Subfcription, Reve-

rendi admodum in Chrifto Patris. SAMUELIS PARKERI,

“pifcopi non ita pridem Cxonienfis, de Rebus fui Temporis

ommen:ari ‘rum Libri Quatnor, e Codice M.S. ipfius

Th's Book contains a great deal of curious Hiftory and

tain and. [reland; both Eccclefiaftical and Civil, but of all
Europ2, fo far as domeftick ‘Tranfactions and Events had
an Iniduence o1 the Fntcrefts of foreign Courts and Coun-
trics: And it will clear up many Things, in which otber mo-
dern_Hiftorians are either miffaken,or defective. It gives
the Reader a View of the fecret Motives on which Meatfures
were taken by Men of all Denominations ; it has many par-
ticular. Characters of Men of Note, and deferves to be read
by a'l ingenuous Perfons that have read another late lear-
ned Prelate’s Hiftory of his own Times. _:
Subf-riptions are taken in by C. “ivirfgton at the Bible
and Crown in St. Paul’s Church-Yard, R. Clements, Book-
felle: in Oxford, C. Crowntield, Bookfeller in_Cambridge,
F. Hildyard, Bookfelicr in York, J. Waghorn, Bookfeller in
Durham, and J. Leake, Bookfelier jn Bath. °

Speedi'y will te publithed, YY feveral Hanis, No. I. of ©

*," The ROMAN HISTORY compleat, from the Foun-
dation of ROME down to Chirlemagne. Compiled by the
Rev. Fathers CATROU and ROUILLE, of the Socict
of Jefus. Printed tor 'T. Woodward in Fleet-Street, and J.
Pecle in Pater-Nofter-Row.

N.B. A great part of this Work is already tranflated by
feveral Gentiemen, and was tefign'd to be publiithed in two
Volumes in Folios; but Mr. EDLIN, and his Part-
ner Mr. EDMUND CURE, hearing of the Defign,
have begun to publith a part of it, tranflated by Mr. Ozail,
and propofe to publifh the Remainder, in feparate Pamph-
lets. The Proprietors of this Tranflation “are therefore de-
termined_to nurfne the fame Method, and give this publick
Notice, that Gentlemen may not be impofed on, by buying
a Tranflation which often miftakes. the Author’s Meaning,
and is full of unpardonable Blunders. The many. Errors in
Mr. Ozell’s Tranflation will be pointe{ out in the Preface
to Numb. I. (which wil! be publifhed with the utmoft Expe-
dition) that the Publick may Judge of his Capacity for fuch
an Undertaking. ce:

| Juft_vubliihed, the éth' Edifion of

*,* I, ESSAYS upon tevéral motal Subjects, In three
Parcs. Upon Pride, Duciling, general Kindnefs, the Weak-
n¢cfsof Human Reafon; on Mufick, the

Thoug

, of the Entertainment of Books, Envy, againft De-
fpair, of Covetoufhels, Liberty, old Age, Pleafure, of Prin,

Revenge, Authors, Power, Ricres and Poverty. Whoredom, .

Drunkenne's, Gaming, Solitude, Difcontent. By Jeremy Col-
ier, A. M.
Ii. A thort and eafy Method with the Deifts ; wherein the
Truth of the Chriftian Ke'igion is demonftrated by infallible
Proof from four Rules, which are incomaatible to any Impo-
fture that ever yet has been, of can poffibiy be. ‘To which ts
added, a fecond Part to the Jews. _
Ill. DESIDERIPS ; or, the,Original Pilgrims ; fhewing

*the moft compendious Way to arrive at the Love of God. By

Laurence Mowel, A. M

All three printed for G. Strahan at the Golden Ball over-

againft the Royal-Exchange in Cornhill. ~ -

WwW Rayner, Suge, living at the Biue Pofts in Pre‘ton’s-
Yard, the lower end of the Minories, the Name Rayner and
goljen Ball hanging over.the Gate, near Little Tower Hill.

Hm a fpeedy and fafe Cure for the Pox or Clap, with all’

its vurioug Symptoms, by his famous chym:c.l Drink,
being pleafant inTafte, yet effectual in curing chat dangerous
Difrafe, which has been the unin of Hundreds by falling into
unskilful Gands I cure (under Godt) the moft inveterate Pox,
in 2 Weeks at fartheft, as Ulcers in the ‘Throat, loft Palate,
finking in the Nofe, Phymofis, Paranhymofis, Shankers, pocky
Warts, Buboes, or welling in any Part.
of Ulcers and scabs, in a few Days I revove all thofe hetero-.
genousParticles, takingaway all Pains in the Head, Shoulders
dnd thin Bones, fothat this falubrious Liquor reftores the Body
to perfect Health. They that hive made Tryal of it wonder
atthe Cures it performs. Thofe who have newly got a Clap,
may entirely depend ona Cure, by taking two or three Doles
of my vencreal Pills or Bolnfies, without Hindrance of Bu-
inc{s, or it being known to the neareft Relation or Bed-
fellow. Ithall not ufe many Invitations, but rather leave
yu! to make Experience, which is heyoad all Argument. In
a Word, let your Condition be never 10 bad, diftruft not, for
I promifé very fair, no Cure ae Money. Ido any thing in
Surgery.. My Pi:ls and Bolufles are_ufeful for Sea or Land
which 7 have always ready by me: Note, There’sa Light at
my Door in atv Evening. ,

Xe

yth,. as. perform'd. by him and ‘the faid Mr.°
"andere ‘ford, fhall receive ten Shillings

The abovementioned Maps are delivered to Sabttribers by |
Jofph Bland, at his Houf? at the Corner o° Peter’s -

' @ndthis I do that

dirs of Great Bri- .

| Va‘ue of J.ife, the .
Spleen, Kagernefs of Defirc, Friendthip, Popularity; a -
t

. Vomiting, puts off

If your Body be full
yO ‘ - Difficulty, StraightnefS of, the Br

-ing the Brouchial

NROPT between. Bithop-Stortford: in Hartfordthire and
Newport Pond in Efiex,

_ on Monday: Aupute 16, 2
. fmall Silver Watch, Lambom Cambridge on the Dial Plate,

‘with only a black Ribband and. Watch Key hanging to ir.

Whoever has: found the fame and will bring it to. Mf. Tho-
mas Moore at the Crown Inn in Hockeril in. Bthon Stort-
Reward, and réafonable

a | Elizabeth Myers, Wife of William.
Myers, Weaver, living in one of the

ten Efoutes in Coverley’s Fields in: Mile
- End New Town, having the Misfortune

to have a Piece of:.Mortar fall into my Icft Eye, which oc-

c3fioned great Pain and Anguith, (notwithftanding we ufed
fich Means as we were advifed was proper fur the fame) the.
faid left Eye became- quite Blind, the Sight thereof beiaz
wholly loft, and without any Hopes of cver recovering the
fame ; but being by a Friend directed to Mrs. Cater in'Ca-
ftle-Court, Birchin-Lane, Cornhill, fhe, at firft Sight, promi-
fed, under God, to bring me to my Sight agiin, and dia per-
form the fame in as thort’ a ‘Time as could be expested :

1 at Perfons in my late Condition may knowy
where to-apply tor Cure, as well as a grateful Acknowledg-
ment for fo great a Cure. . 7

Note, She cures without any Inftrument ;_and fhe infallibty
cures the Agne, without the leaft Grain of Cortex, 6r that
they cail the Jefuits Bark. Price ss. the Vial. No Letters
received except Poft paid.

Lectuarium Mirabile: Or, the Admirable Eleétuary,
4. which intallibly cures alt Degrees and Symptoms of the
fecret Difeafe, with more Eafe, Speed and Safety, than any
Medicine yet pubiithed; any. old Running, &c. though of
feveral Years ftanding, whether occafioned by an over-ftrairt

- Weaiknels of the Seminall, or the Reli‘ts ofa former Intecti-

on, is certainly cur’d in a fhort Time, without a Minnte’s
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ute of Aftringents; being 2
Medicine fo woncerfully pleafant and ealy in its Operation,
that the nicsft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may take it
with Delight: ‘Two Pots are generally fnffictent to compleat

_ a Cure inmoft Cafes, To be had only of the Author Dr. Cam;

a Graduate Phyfician,- who has publifhed it.20 Years, and ig
conftantly to be advis’d with at his Hou at the Golden-Bal}

and Lam p, in Bow-Church-Yardin Cheapfide, at half'a Guinea
‘ the Pot.

___Agiinft{tthe VENEREAL DISEASE ..
HF, tamous Italian BOLUS, has fogreat Succefs ig
the Cure of the Venereal Difeafe, that not one of the

great Numbers that daily take it miSot a pertest Cure; and ~
though fo very cheap as 2s. 6d. each, yet four Boluffés never
fail to root ont and carry off thé moft malignant, virulent,
and obftinate kind ot’ the venereal Difeafe, withont Confine-
ment, or making your Cafe known to any ; which, itit fails

to do, the Money isretumed. This great Medicine likewife:
deftroys Mercury, and carries it out of the Body, and thereby

relieves “hofe unfortunate Perfons who have tallen into bad
Hands in former Cures. Is to be had-oniy at the Flaming
Sword the corner of Ruffel-Streét, over again{t Will's Coffee

Howe, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Place if Coun-

terteit.

TRS NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordjal
Tinéture for the Nerves, being an approved, exverienced
and never-failing Medicament in finking, languifhing, and
lownefs of Spirits, Palpitation, or Trembling of the Heart, in
all paralitick, foporofe and convu'five Diftemmers, and in all
Afflétions of the Head and Nerves; it infallibly prevents the
bad Effeéts of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which occafions |

‘in moft Peaple the above-mentioned Diforders (with many
"more, which you'l fee at large.in the Book of printed Diresti-

ons) but yet by taking a few Drops of this moft plealant. de-
Jieate Cordial, 10 the trft Dith of Coffee or Tea; you may then
drink at Liberty; for this great Medicine penetrates chrotigh
the whole ne vous Syftem, and (© recrui<s the Brain and Pr-e-
cordia with a full Indus ofexulting Spirits, which perorm the
BuGinefs of viral Function with freth Alacrity, andnew Briek-
nefs; fo that the Pulfe, which lay feeble and wavering, now
falls a beating vigoroully, and with grew Exactnels ; more-
ever, it wonderiully difperfes Fear, Sadnets, confus'd Thoughts,
Twitchings of the Legsand Arms, difturb dSleen, and alf the
difinal Train of V apours and Melancholy.- It likewif: ftops

aufeoufnefs, proces a good Appetite,
and is how in great Eitecm amongit Quality of the firft Rank.
Sold only at G. Srrahan's, Bookf:ller, at the Golden Ball in
Cornhill, over againft the Royal-Exchange, and at na other
Place. Price 2s. 6d.

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Jy-

lep, which is known by many Years Experience to be a ne-
ver fuilmg Medicine in old obftinate Afthma’s, whofe {ii To- °
cating Fit it puts off in a Moment; it gives a perfect Relief
in ftvaining laborious Coughs, that are unmercifully ¢tronble-
fome Night and Morning; ‘tisa moft excellent Remedy for

Shortnefs of Breath upon any Motion, and in Breathing with
, eatt, with Hloarfenefs and
Wheezing. Nothing exceeds this admirable Julen, fur by onen-
i¢ts and Ptnumonick Paffages; it pene-
trates in the inmoft Receffes of the Lungs, and there meeting
wi h tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Phlegm, fo attenuates;
divides, moves and Works ft; that.by conghing andfpitting, it
expectorates and throws up all fuich Matter with the greateft
Eafe and Pleafiire; thereby cleanfing and freeing the Breaft,
and Liings, when ftuffed up and clogged with a heavy Load. and
fo prevents Coniiimotions, Uicers of the Lungs, &c. Note,
It isa fafe and pleafunt Medicine ; to be taken by Snoontils ,
according to the printed Diregtions, without the leoft Confine-
ment, or Danger of catching Cold. To be had af Mr. Géorge
Strahan’s at the Golden-Ball over-againit the Royal-Exchange

Gotnhill , and at no‘ other Place: Price 2s, 6d.
 . ; j :

, N infallible Cure for the STONE and GRAVEL, whe
A ther in the reins or bladder, by an incomparsbhe ch oe.
cal liquor, which in the moft racking fits givesinfrant eafe, »
and perfectly frees the patient from all pains in che bick, and |
‘thote pains fo muuch like tiecholick, dilates the urezers
makes tacm fligpery, that {mal frones and gravel may pais _
fromthe reins to be voided vifibly with urine, without pain 3;
cleanfes the kidneys, bladder, and alji the urinary gta »
from flimy calculous matter, certainly takes of Atoms oy
pain and fcopp2ge of urine, and abfolutely breaks and dilolves:
all large {tones (poffible to be diffolved) whethet in the-:
kidneys or dladder, fo as entirely to cure the diftemper 5;
affuredly prevents the {tone in thofe that are. troubled only.
with giavel, and tor all diforders of the rems and bladder. _

Advertifement to all thofe who ufe Sheet-Lead.

T is agreed by all, if we Plumbers could caft Lead exactly

AL cqual to the thinneft Part ofthe Sheet, it wouid be better |
and more durable than to be thicker in one Place than in ano-
ther, fo that the Excefs of Thicknefs is not only an. uneceflary
Chaige paid for, but it makes the Sheet worfe, by its itrongcr
-refifting the Sun-Heams, which falling alike on all Places,.
‘draws up the thinner Parts, when the ftronger ftays behind,
and é¢aufes that cockling and crackling thereon, and is ccr-
tainly fo much‘worf by what it varies from an Equality 5
whereas if Milled Lead be but as thick as the thinneft Part
of a Caft Sheet, befides its Beauty and Smoothticfs, the Equa:
lity and Solidity is{uli.ctent to prove it much better thin Catt
Leud; befides, there are Crack-b'ow Holes, and Sand Holes

- Apgutt 20,1725.
Nac is hereby given, that by an Order o” the High
“Court of (hincery, dated the 7th Day of this Inftant
Auguit, alt fuch Suitots of the faid Court, who Claim or
Demand for Money or Securities, or other Effetts paid or
delivered into the Hands cf Fleetwoot <cormer, Efg; d?-
¢eafed, late one of the Mafters of the faid Coiirt, in Pui fue
ance of any Ordcrs of the faid Court, are required to proWe
and make out fiich their Demands, on or before th: firft Day
of Michaelmas Term next, before Henry Edwards, Ef; .
one of the Matters of the faid Coutt, to whom itis referr’d
to cxamine and ftate the refpettive Demands o: the fid Sui-
tots. to the End the faid Mr. Edwards may be enabled to

lay before the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain atrne | . ( .
and exaét Account thereof for his Lordfhip’s further Di- jin Cait Lead, that often happen, and tic conccaled with the | cannot be paraliel’d. Is fold onty at pacod's Coffee-honfe _
Sheet, not appearing on the Superficies. ‘The gencral Ufe the | againfc the Angel and Crown ‘Tavern in Threadneedle Street, |

aft | behind the Koyal-Exchange, at 3s. 6d. a bottle, with

Mili’d Lead is applied to, plainly fhews its Preterence to C
Lead, viz. his Majefty’s Royal Navy and Yards, and Green-
wich Hofpital, all the fifiy new Churches th.t have been .
built are covered with Milld Lead, the Honourable Com-
mifffoners not admitting a Propofal of Caft. It would be -
endicfs to mention what Quantity of Mill‘d Lead is ufed on
the Houfes of the Nobility and Gentry, aslikewife on conunon
Buildings, &c. Note, John Fincher, Plumber in Swallow
Street againft St. James's Church by the new Buildings, hath
there an entire Léad Mill to himfelt, and felleth his Mill’d
Lead much cheaper than others, as any one by fending or
{peaking with him, or his Parcner, James Slater Plumber,
may be fully fatisficd. {fh>Stecs are from four Pound to five,
fix, feven, cight or nine per Foot Square, or any rurther
Thicknefs, it be.ng caft an [nch thick, and five loot wide :
It is deliver:d any where about Town free trom Ciarge, having
a Cart for that Purpofe: They alfo make Mould Water Pipes,
after anew Method, ofall Sorts, andexchange for Pig Lead, -

or old Lead. ; _

CBFY Sone EL Sprirg or jointed Trufics for the Cure of
=A uptures, eafy to new born Intants and cffe-
ectual to the Aged; alfo Spring Trifles without
Steel Circumterence, of an entire new Invention,
extraordinary ealy as well as wieful; alfo Bag Truf-
fes for fix’d Tumors. Perfons in the Country fen-
ding their Bignefs, and which Side the Rupture Is,

rections.
. Augutt 20, 1725.

Ns is hereby given, that by an Order of the High
Court of Chancery, dated the 7thof this Inftant Au-
guft, all flich Snitors of the faid Court who have any Claim
or Demand for Money or Sccuritics, or other Effects paid or
deliver'd into the Hands of John Borrett, Efq, deccas d,
(late one of the Mafters of the faid Court) in Purfuiance of
any Orders of the f1id Court, are requir’d to_ prove and_
make out fuch their Demands on or before the firitt Day o*
Michaelmas Term next, before Mark Thurfton, Efg; (one
of the Mafters of the faid Conrt) to whom it is referr’d to
examine and ftate the rclpective Demands of the faid Sui-
tors, to the End the faid Mr. Thurfton may. be enab'ed to
lay tefore the Lord High Chancellor of Great Pritiin, 2
true and exaft Account thereof for his Lordfhip’s further Di-

rections.
Juft publim’d, the 2d Edition (whe cin the Caufts of his

Mifery arc more largely {et forth) ot

_*,* A brief and true Re ation of the ftrar ge and furpri-
zing Cafe of Edw. Mi:lard, of Langport, in the County o*
So.nerfet, thewing the feariul Tragedy of Fis Life, and his
hard Conilict with the Powers of Darknefs. Written by him-
felt, and publifhed asa Memorial to the Gloryof God, and
the Benet and Inftruétion of all thofe who may labour un-
der the like Temptation. Price 6d. Printed for J. Wilford

Directions. Suecific

e Grand Specifick for cleanfing aud f{trengthni

4s Medicine that beens se, ng the

, icine that may be depended on asabfolutely effeétna} :

A for carrying off by Urine, fafely and foeedily, all a
Relicks of fecret Injuries, Remains o* pernicious unskilfally
prepared mercurials, gicets, or weakneffeés, through tedious or
ill-managed cures of the Venereal Difeate ; or from felt-po-
lution, inordinate coition ; alfo any weaknefles of the Ve $
from wrenches, ftrains, blows, or fills, and all other obftruéti--
ons in the urinary paffiges, even ftranguaries, ulcers, &c. are

_ perfectly cured by it, be they of ever io long ftanding. This -
noble fpecifick is alfo of fingular and very extraordinary ufe
and efficacy, where there is any grave], or even {mall ftonc
lime, or any other matter thatobftructs the urine; bringi 3
all awayin a few times taking, with fafety. Itc firengrnens.
and_ rec :vers, aftcr a peculiar manner, all relaxations of the
veflels, confirms the parts, bringing all into right order, and
thereby perfects the cure to admiration. It’s a very leafant
medicine, and may be taken with pleafure, and will be found
o* nncommon benefit to mankind, beyond expectation :
whichis the reafon of its being made’ publick, and to ohvi-
ate the ignorance of pretenders in all the cifes above-men-
tioned, One bottle, in moft cafes, is fifficient tor a perfect:
cure, as you Will fee by the directions given with it. Sold tor

in Little-Britain. Where may be had, the fourth E:lition See . . :

a ; : ete ; : may be fupplied with the Truffles and proper Dire- | 758. 6d. the bottle at Mr. Lockton's toyfh :

of, Lr. DELAUNE’s Sermon of Original Sin. Pricegd. . | Ctions, By Peter Bartictt, at the Golden-Ball in St. Paul’s | the corner of bucklersbury in the poultry, op at the Griffia,
W XR IGHT’s Diuretick, or cleanfing Tinéture..

Church-Yard, Cheapfide, London, who alfo makes divers Inftru-

ments to help the Weak and Lame. .

His Mother, Mrs. M. Bartlet, at the Golden-Bail over-
apainft St. Bride’s-Lane, in Ficet-Street, is skilful in this Bufi-
nefs to her own Sex. Her Stecl Spring Traffes for Ruptures at
the Navel, are exceedingly light, eafy and effectual.

HE, moft contirméd Leprofy, and all leprous and other
ftubborn B’eakings ont on the Skin, inveterate Itch, &e.
whether of the whole Boly, or in particular Parts only, -infal-
libly cured ; byan incomparable leétuary, which, after all
the ufuial Mcthods and Medicines, and even Salivations tried
in vain, per:ectly erdicates thofe inveterate Maladies, though
of many Years ftanding, fo as never to return again, accom:
Bays which no other Means can poffibly

plithing that in a few
perform in many Months, and that_ with the greateft Safety
in the Wor'd, and without any Confinement, as has been hap-

pily expe ienced by many Hundreds: Common Itches, and
other flight Foulneffes of the Skin, it compleatly cures al-
‘moft in an Inftant, without Trouble, and for the very wortt
Scabbinefs, and moft gricvous Leprofy, 1€ may certainly be
depended upon _as abfolutely infallible, as the Patients them-
felves in three Days ‘Time will affuredly find: It isto be had
only at Mr. Miles’s, a Turner, at the Griffin, next the Bolt
and ‘Tunn Inn in Fleet-ftreet, atss.a Pot, fealed up with

Direétions. _. .
-* he chymical Liquor for the Hair,
Wich gradually changes red, grey, or Hair of any other
‘difagrevable Colour, whether ofthe Head or Eye-brows,
into any Degrce of a Brown, or, by obferving the Djr ‘Ctions
given with each Bottle, into the moft beautiful Black in Na-
ture, that neither Time nor Weather can alter; for the Co-
lour wilt for ever remain as lively as if it naturally grew fo.
It has, with a general Satisfaction to the World, been fold thi
ten Years by Mr. Lockton, only, at the Griffin, the Corncr o
Buckler’s-Bury, in the Poultry, where a Lock of Hair may be
feen that was ftain’d with it before it was firft expos’d to fale.
Price half aGuinéa a Bottle. If it does not prove infallibic,
return the Liquor, and the Moyey thal be repaid, Where is
alfo fold, The fovereign Secret r diffolving the STONE, and
expelling the GRAVEL, being an approved Specifick, with

ample Directions. Price 2s. 6d. a Bottle : ;
T the Dove and Golden Ball in Salisbury-

Court, Fleet-ftreet, liveth a Gentlewoman

W Hich urinally difeharges all the feces or putrid relicks @ ©
the Lues Alamode, or Venereal Infection, and caufes
its Concommitants, the wretched Train of that complicated
Diftemper, asa mucous, filthy, fanious Matter lodg'd in the
Reins, or fpermatick Parts, which either caufe 2 ‘tharpnefs in
the Uline, or too frequently provokesit. This Relick is °
difcoverable, partly by the fubfequent Symptons, viz. by a
Debility or WeaknefS of the Buck, a fetid naufeous, and:
averting Smell of the Uring, with a purulent Matter, or
fecuient Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or flying in it with
Variety of Figures, Farther, this Tincture efpecially Carries
off all Relicks of the Venercal Difeafe, after ill managed:
Cures, not only cleanfing the Urinary Paffages of all Sand
Gravel, Films, or membrancous Peilicles, &c. but after a
fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftoring them, and
all their genital Parss, to their original Tone and Ue, though
the Misfortune and Decay be of the longeft Date, with an e-
ual Succefs in each Sex. To be had for ros. per Bottle, with
irections for its Ufe, only at his Houfe, the Golden Head
and two Lamps in Belt: Savage. Yard on Ludgate Hill. "
< , ye: A HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Comb;
4 a Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage-
] Inn on Ludgate-Hi'!l, is fold right French
j Elungary Water, being the fame Sort fold
. fi feveral Years paft, and is eafily diftinguifhed
ASA fi} from the pernicious counterfeit Sort fold a-
= = bout the rown, refered to be imported
il pelier, &c. Likewife the following forei :
modities are fold at the fame Place, viz. g foreign Com
poet French Hungary Water, at 1s. 3d. the HalfPinot
Fine Florence Oil, at 2s. per Flask.
Right Irifh Ufquebangh, at 2s. the Half-pint Bottle,
Fine Orange-Flower Water, at 1s 6d. per Flask,
Right Barbadoes Citron Water, at 145. per Quart.
All Sorts of Leghora and Bermud2 Hatts for Ladies. |
N. B. There is a Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Flask, te
prevent Counterfeits.
A new Edition is juft publifhed of; .
: HE Practical Scheme of the SECRET
. DISEASE, a GLEET, and a Broken

Juft publifhed, the fecond Edition, corrected, of

*4*"A new Theory of CONSUMPTIONS: More efpeci-
ally of a phthifis, or confumption o the lungs: wherein after
a brie? hifzory ofthe diftemper, its variousfympzoms through-
‘ out its feveral degrces, and every minute {tep it takes, from
its firfc invading the patient, to its final termination, enqui-
ry is made concerning the prime, effential, and hithcito
_ accounted inexplicable caufe of that difeafe, fo very epidemick
to this Nation, and generally fatal to thofe it ftizes on.

With an account of the great number of medicines, and
various methods of cure recommended for confumptions, and
the different opinions of authors concerning them. Al‘o the
poilibitity of healing ulcersin the lungs afferted, the ftrongeft
objections againftit anfwer'd, anda different and more pro-
bable method of cure advanc'd, than commonly practis‘d.
Likewife directins about eating, drinking, fleeping, excrcife,
and way of living in general, proper for confumptive perfons.
By Benjamin Maitin, M. D. Printed for R. Knaplock, at
the Bifiop’s Head in St. Paul’s Church Yard ; W. Bell at the
Crofs Keys and Bible in Cornhill; J. Hooke at the Flower
de Luce againft St. Dunitan’s Churc in Fleet Street, and C.

king at the Judge's Head in Weftminfter Hall. Price 3s. 6d.

: A BALSAM, ..
Ww Hct perfectly cures the Piles, or Hemorrhoids, be-
ing outwardly apply’ which has been ufed with.
great Succefs in the Practice of the Author, a Surgeon, and
has been for fome Time paft fold to the Publick, which be-
ing ufed as direéted, takes off thofe acute Pains in an
Hour or two, and gives perfect Eafe and Cure in 24 Hours
at fartheft, likewife taking of thofe corrofive Humonts fal-
ling on the part which often occafion incurable Fiftula's.
Sold at Hamlin’s Coffee-houfe in Swithins-Alley, near the
Royal-Exchange; Peel’s Coffee-houfe the Corner of Fetter-
Lane, Flect-ftreet ; and Jack’s Coffee-honfe in St. James's
Market. Price zs. 6d. a Pot with Directions.

Theft are to inform the Fema’e Sex,
Hat the gentlewoman at the golden ball on puddle dock
hill, near the weft end of St. panl's church, hath attain’d
to a very certain, fate, and expeditious way of curing the
many weaknefles and indifpofitions peculiar to thofe of her
- own fex; fuch as barrennefS and mifeariage in married

women ; the green ficknefs in maids, and many other grie- ‘ Lot.
3 : : : that prepares the moft excellent Cofmetick or Conftitution by fat Living, former Cures
vous IlIneffes that married women, widows and maids are Beautificrs yet known, asthat moft noble Pre- 8 , Salivations, Mercury, &e. reaching Perfons

to underftand Rightly their own Cafe, and

paration of Pearl, witha particular beautify-
ing Fluid, both which ufed by Ladies of the
Rae firft Quality; they, with Surprize, take away
Ae KRedneis, Pimp'es, Roughnefs, Worms, Mor-
hew, Scurf, Sun-burn, Freckles, Wrinkles _Pits of the
Small-Pox, with other Defilements of the Skin. Likewife
fhe prepares a fine Italian Cream for the Face, Neck, and
Hands, which plumps ang fmooths the Skin to Admiration $
thé Nuns White-Pots, and Tower-Street Pots, with an Eaft-
India Chinéfe Red Liquor, none having the Secret but her-
felf: It gives a moft natural and lafting Bluth, that no Perfon
can diftingnifh when on the Face, and not to be rubb’d off.
“Alfo te be had, the red Crown ‘Cakes, White-Pafte, or Cakes
abovementioned, any Day of the Week. She aio a for the race or Hands, and a other Cofimerichs formerly fold
€ din Letters fent {rom the Ceuntry, Poft paid. re ts. Hockle. N. B. She has y aiguor whic
Gafes Rated ta wr my me alters: ed or grey ‘Hair to a light ay dark Brown.

| LON DON : Printed by N. 4¢7ST, in Great -Carter-Lane-

*

fubjeét to, too tedious here to relate. | ; .
n a little difcourfé with the patients, fhe judges of their
_eafes and caufes of ilineffes, whether it be barrenefs, which
‘hath many known curable caufts ; the diftinct knowledge of
"which fheis miftrefS; feveral of which caufes are little re-
garded, or not known to the patients, therefore thought In-
curable; or whether mifcarriage, tho’ they have mifcarnied
many times,’ both which fhe cures, through the bdleffing of
God, by a very extraordinary method of excceding fafe and
Je fant Medicines, which on many Years Fxperience have
been found abfolutely effectual for a perfect Cure on great

- Numbers of Ladies and Gentlewemen of the beft Note in
‘the Kingdom, in all the above-mentioned Indifpofitions pe-
‘ anliarte the Sex. Sheisto be advifed with at her Houfe

tocnre themfelves without making their
Condition. known to any one. Dedicated
ee to Dr. Chamberlen. This highly ufcful
and inftrnétive little Pook is Given Gratis Up One Pair of
Stairs at the Celebrated Anodyne NECKLACE, Kecom-
mended by Dt. Chamberlen for Children’s Teeth, next to the
- Rofe Tavern without Temple-Bar. and at Mr. Jeremiah
Pain’s the Sign of the Bunch of Grapes, the firft Toythop on
Right Hand jut within Pope’s Head-Ally froni Corn 1}
right over-apainft the Royal-E.xchange. Where are [0 had
the famous Anodyne NECKLACES for Children’s Teeth
fealed up along with the Liquid Coral to make the Gums give —
way for the ‘Teeth to come out without Pzin. Price both to-
gether ss And the famous Pectoral LOZENGES for that
Uneafinefs at Stomach called the Heart-burn, 6d. a Paper. .

 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 28 Aug. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786161/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 