[ bY }-mofkt folemiProteftations of Friend-

"ee . C7 /
.* Vind ‘~
. om e
’ : no aere*
. . “ om *
1 . * 4
:, e.
4

wien Ship, have yet proved falfe, have
Meereee) prompted me to. the following Ef

aaa say on the Nature of: thefe reci-
proc that are performed betwéen Man
and: Man, ander the Norion of. Friendship : If
the, Confiderations I have‘offer’d, may, in the

leaft prevpot others from fharing fuch Difappoint- '

ments as | have met wich, by teaching them: to
obferve proper Limits in FritndMiip ; -your pub-
lithing them will, in & greie Meafure relieve
Pacile inimici effugere infidias 3 Ab arrich- verb, ant

¢0 gui amici nomen mentiatur, Quis ita. provide tau-

téque ftbi caverit quin intwduin. opprimatur? Alciat.
'* The: Itelians wifely pray -to God to defend
theni from their Friends, :from:cheir Enemi¢s be-
ing able to.defend themftlves, .And:indecd, it is
‘an eafter. Province fo fecuré our felves- againft
@Danger we apprehend, :than to ward off an un-
expeéted Blow: When therefore. we contract
an. Intimacy with -dny one,. and this Intimacy
grows.into Eriendthip,: the ‘Effe& of which ig our
_ repofing’ an entire Confidence in-him, how high;
Jy does it concern us to make a wife: Choice iu the
Perfon we thus:confide in?. A true Briend: is a
very raré Jewel, and he.muft think himfelf pe-
uliagkisbapoy.tbar, in his: whole Life can -meet

World, and. few Eriendfhips are fo ftrong
well cemented as not to be diffulved and dafhed
to Pieces, when@either of. the Parties can make
a confiderable Advantage by deferting the other.
There are but three or four Pajrs of -eminene-
ly faithful Friends celebrated in.Hiftory, and fap-
pofing what is reported of them to. be true, yct
ave may judge from thence, that.a conftant and.
fieady Friend is rara avis. interris. ‘The mot ad-
ntirable. and unqueftionable Inftance of Friend-
fhip was that between Jonathan and David ; it was
mot only exceeding warm, paffing the Love of Wo-
men, but it was generous and manly, magnani-
mous and heroick. David lodged an entire Traft
in Yonathan, and Fonathan cleaves to David in his
Difgrace ; he expofes himfelf to his Father's Fu-
‘ry, ventures his own ‘Life,and defpifes-a Crawn,
aud all to teftify his Love to his fecond Self. Their
Souls were, as it were, melted into one, and nei-

ther had any Joy or Sorrow, but it equally affe&t._

ted both. . |
_ Awhole Age can fcarce produce a Parallel-to
the fore-mention’d Example. Where's the Man
that will part with his Eftate, nay fo much as a
moderate Share of it, that will lofe his’ Reputa-
‘tion, or his Life, for the Preferyation ot his
‘Friend 7 It is pefible indeed, that a Man ma

‘pive-up the later, and it may be conftrued an Ef-

feG@ of Friendfhip, but in Fa& it will appear ow-

‘ing to.other Motives ; for the’ fuch an-one fhould
figbt and fall a Viétim to his Friend's Quarrel ;
his Death is not fo much the Refult of Friendship,
‘as of a Puxtilioe€ Honour ; for the maintaining
‘of which, a Man ventures his Life for thofe he
nei:her loves nor efteers. ~

‘The Generality of thofe who: ga by the Name

of Friends, arc felfith and mercenary. They feek
purely their own Benefit ; and tho’ they may exert

“He 9

HE. frequent Experiments I have :
‘made of .Perfons, who, under the’

an- ane.” Self-fnrereft <poverne- she |
and |

. t . “ a
. . . . , - . ~ ° , wo ‘
Ay =a . t ad 7 ~ - > » . e ae ~£" « ra - 4 . < Py . tee bal « . - . "*. 3 < onl. 7 .
. . an: “ 4 7 ie , ° r ° . ¢
> . etm . . i. . . . o. € f . ° : ji ‘ . ‘ . a) . s wt " »
- . . , ~ . : . 1 °- i# : ¢ wane ©: .
7 ; . . _ . . . ; : . x
. . . - ; ‘ - . - ‘4 a . . ; NY : “fs . ra .
ee a -. « « -2 @ Ce ° * nh bd Pid ae og Vv . “* BL oe es * . : ° ° * . : et
- ~. ‘ Ld . ‘

#
’
. “a

 -—

thenifelves for the.Good ef thofe they profefs to

ove, , tis feldom any farther than when their own

« . .
. - ¥

Advantage-is interwoven with that they ftrive to

procure. So.true.is the Spanié Proverb, Menca la
cola, el Can,.,.no gor fi.fino por.gl pan. As long. as

there is Inrereft, Picalyre or Profit to be gained
by pretending Friendthip to a. Man, they are, or
{cen to. be..his Riignds : But jer thac Man fall
unger a Cloud, let:hlm grow poor, .and incapable

ing any more ferviceable to them, their boa-
fted Friendthip vanifhes +. FGr.no fooner is a Man
in Diftrefs, bur his ncareft Relation ftands aloof,

and withdraws hindfelf from him, as Moxntford

‘from his Nephew. ia.the Play, with thefé harfh
' - Money: F cannot: fpinve, - Men foonld take: Heed,,
_, He loft my Kindred when he fei to Neg.

But tho’ Friends often prove falfe, and that too
‘ at fuch Times as their Help or Cour.tenance is
1

ke thefe feurvy and

moft wanted, (being in that
batrer’d Jades;. which.make a Shift to carry their

Riders. in fmagoth and fair Ways, but fink under

them in Slonghs and dipty-Lanes,) yet ull Friend-
fhip ought-not to:be'renounged, To entertain too
great a Diftruft of every one that profeffes Kind-
nefs. to us, would be highly uncharitable, as well
as. uogenerous, We may ule and confide in a
Friend to a certain Degree, but not deliver .qur
felves up.2' Corps perds pote bis Hands: For here,
as in'mott other T hings,.a Medium is beft. 'To.be
always clofe’ ajd. unyfteri as; fufpicious and fly,
pot... ? g ee of Familiariry,

much lefs of Eriendihie: ‘én the other Side, it is
no’ prudent te.make another Man Mafter of our
Secrets;-ai.d to live without referve with any,
but fuch as by 4 long Experience have heen found
Proof againft ull ,Temptations to Bafenefs and
Treachery. 2Tis:.not.an ik. Maxim that a Man
fhould confider his, Friend as. one that, may. be-
come this’ Enemy :. Take. heed .of trufting any
Man fo far, as to put it-in’ his Power to ruin you ;
that which myft: not be:divulged is no where fo
fafe as inthe Repofitory of your own Breatt ;
for if you are’ not capable to keep your own
Counfel, how can you expe& another_fhould?
The. beft Friend in the:Werld ought not.to know
thofe Things thar may tempt him to be falfe to
us, unfefs:the want of his Affiftance or Adyice
make: it neceflary for us to impart them. Never-
thelefs, there: may be Friends who might fafely
be trufted with our moft:important Concerns, did
we but throughly know their. Worth and Vertue ;
but this cannot be known but by va long Tryal,
and the Expériment .is not without Danger ; be-
fides that, every one has.not Opportunities to bring
his Friend to the right Teft, that diftinguifhes true
ones from Counterfeits. °© - 3.0: 7°...
We ought to repojeé a -prudent, byt not a blind
or boundlefs Confidence in our Friends ;. for-we
muft net expe& to’ find any wirhous Faults: Ic
is eafy to frame an Idea of perfe& Friendship,

of our Imagination, and has: no. Being any, where
elfe. The moft lating gnd folid Friendthip mut
be.buile upon Vertue, for) thar ‘which has.no o-
ther bafis but vile Intereft.or a mutual’ Commu
nication of grofs.and. fenfual Pleafures, will fail
as foon a3 the Foundatian is removed. a
Take heed that you do not .expe& from a
Friend more -ghea_ he is able or. willing to do for

but this like Plato’s Commonwealth is a Creature,

. Ln, . ‘ “.. ao oo
ENUMB. 26.]

om -

you; many a Man has. run limdelf into great

ncorveniences by prefuming roo-fur upon: the
Kiodnefs and. Provettion of Ris Friends: Do not
therefore wantonly bring: your felf into Streights
in hopes that ‘yours will help you oft ;. and a§
much as you can an your own Legs, leaf. the
Salt you.would lesaupon ply or. Break under yout
" -ROREPIGN AFFAIRS. |
The Poles ase. ftill averfe to admit Mr. Finch :
a Refidence’among them, for rho’ the Court hag _
refolved:to grant’ him an Audience, yer the Re-
gent of the Kingdom has been fene with a Com- —
pliment to him, and to ter hint knows char the
Demand of his Recall carinot be revoked, but
that as foon as the Audience is over, and he hag
received his Lerters of Reécredence, ’tis expe&ted
that he'll return to bis own Court. Mb. Finck
anfwered the. Regent’s Compliments, but infor-

med him hé. cquld. not take. upon him -ro quit:
Warfaw before he had his Brirannick Majehy’s -
Permiffion foto do, and he hep'd his poliff -
Majefty would not. be againft.his wditing the fare
ther Intentions of ,his Court, before he could
take a more decifive Refolation: upan .this new
Incident, and for that End he would that Inftant
difpatch a Courier, Mr. Finch difpatch‘d an Ex-
prefs to his Brirannick Majefty accofdingly, and

- has not yet had Audience. |

They’ write from Paris, that the Reform in
the King’s Houfhold is a@ually made ; ic was.
dene after the: follofving Manner, fifty Men. of
each Troop who had ferved longeft, were excep-
ted, and the-ret drew-Lots who fhould be broke ;
immediately after which, fide Horfes. were fe
cheap, that fome which would have yielded fe-
venty oreighty Piftoles before, were fold for sa:
Crowns, every Gentleman being at Liberty to
difpofe of his own Horfe > At the fame Time ak
Arvet is atually come out for the Augmentation

-of the reft of the Troops, viz. of ten Men to

each Troop of Horfe and Dragoons, and eight
to eath Company of Foot ;'the Captains are al-
lowed by the King ninety Livres for each Troo~
per, (which is now much about a Shilling Englith
ser Livre in Exchange,) and feventy five for each
Foot Soldier, the King to mount, arm, and cloath
them, half the Money to be advanced to the
Captains before-hand to make the faid Recruits;
and :Notice is given them to compleat their Le~
vies, the Foot by accertain Day in Marcli, and .
the Horfe in April, under Pain of being breke.
_« The Interview ‘between King Staniflaus and
the Queen-his Daughter, they tell us ‘was very
moving ; he lifred her up twice from the Ground,
and {poké to her in fuch affeionate Terms, and.
after fo tender a Manner, that it not only drew
Tears from her Majetty but from many. of. thé
Beholders. The French’ are charm'd both with
his Perfon and Parts, the King of Frante, tlio”
a Prince of fewe Words, fpoke a great deal. ta
him, and he in return, exprefs’d a Abundance of
Gratitude with Affurances that he had no Inte~
reft_on Earth as-Heart but -his moft Chriftian
_RBrivacé Letters inform. us, there are’ Mifungers:
ftandings at the Court: The Duke of Bousbs
has thought fic to prefent.a Lift to his Ma
for his Creation of four Dukes and Peers,
forne Marefhals of France; who réturn’d ifn
fign'd.. ‘The Dukes, we hear’, were to be Nt

 - Daughter of the Countefs of Platen.

Marquis de Prie (whofe Lady is 4 pteat Favou-
rire) the Marquis de Naile, the Courit de Bovois,
and the Mrrquis la Vriffier, who married the

- They wrice from Lisbon, O&8 14, N.S.
That the Marriages of the Prince of Brazil with
the Infanta of Caftile, and of the Prince of Aftu-
rias with the Infanta of Portugal, were declared
there the och Inftant, upon-which Occafien Te
Deum was fung-in the Patriarchal Church, the

- Patriarch officiating, their Portuguefe Majefties

with ‘the Royal Family being prefent ; and their
Majefties, returning to the Palace, received the
Compliments of the Nobility and other Perfons of

_Diftinétion: Illuminations and other publick Re--|

joyeings were order’d throughout this City the
three fuccceding Days. _ |
Dublin, Off. 11. The Rey. Dean Swift has been
dangeroufly ill,. but is now recover'd.————Dean
Percival fucceeds Dean Clayton, deceafed, in the
Living of St. Michan’s, and 'Dr. ‘Lang fucceeds
Dean Percival in his Living of St. John’s: ———~

Cornet Po is condemn’d for the Robbery of the

Frize-makers. ——Tho. Coplefton; Efq; a Mem-
ber of the Englifh Parliament, who has-a Pott
in the Cuftoms- here, is gone for England in a
Ship bound for: Biddeford. ————Sir Clement Cot-
terell fails for England the next fair. Wind. -
' Edinburgh, O&. 14. Onthe 12th the Lords of

- Jufticiary proceeded on the Tryal.of ‘Walter Bu-

chanaws, George Mc’ Farlane,.Henry Luke, -Ro-

bert Douglas, William Hamilton, ‘Robert Main,

Patrick Mirchell, and Janet Balleny, and pro-

nounced Inrerloeuter, -as in the Tryal of the for-

mer Rioters, finding none of the Articles in the
Information laid againft them relevant to infer the

Pains of Death and Confi{cation’ of Goods; but

~,

the breaking’ and ‘demolifhing Mr. Campbell’s
Houfe, Yefterday their-Lordihips far and ‘exa-
mined the Witneffes for and againft, from Eight
in the Morning till Twelve at Night, .when the
Jury inclofed. ———— This Afternoon the Court
met to réceive the Verdi& of Affize, when the
Jury found nothing proven againft '3 of them, -fo

‘that they were affuiled at the Bar ; . but the other

5, among whom’ is Hamilton the’ Hatter, they

found to be in the Mob in general; which will’

not touch rheir Lives; to Motrow they are to
receive Sentence, 6 0b
Edinburgh, OF=. 16. Walter Buchanan, Wm. Hamil-
ton, Frhet Bakeny, Gregory Mac Farlane,. Patrick Mitchel
being found guilty of the Riot, the Men-received’
enrence of Tranfportation, burt. are te be firft |
fcourged at Glafgow .by rhe'Hahgnian; the Wo-
sian only to ftind twice in rhe Pifory there.- ~’
Bath, O&. 18. ‘The Eafl of Orkney, the ‘Lord
and Lady Bollingbroke; “Lord St. John, Colonel
Graham, Collonel Williamfon, and fome others,
are arrived fince my laft; bur what’s, moft obferv’d
liere at prefent, is a Country Gentleman's
Daughter, who atrra&s the Eyes, and furnifhes
Gonverfation for all the Beaux in this Place ; fie
is fo admir’d that for nie Days ‘tis impoffible we.
fhould ‘hear any thing elfe, e(peciall y fince 4 cer-
fain marry’d. Lady and her. good-natut’d Spoufé |
are gone off the Stage.
- They write from Welinborow, That the Earl of

+

 Suffex, and hisGrace of York were Jately over-

_Jikewife overturnd’ in

turn’d ina Coach tear. that'Place,-bat receiy’d no
Hurt : tole ye finee arriv'd in Town, -——-
From Cafle-Apby, the Earl of Norchapipton was
ke i “His Coach aad yectived
forne Damage froyy thé Breakite of ‘the Glaffes.—
From other Places-of / the North ‘they give us Ate.
counts of othgr Misfortunes of Coaches’ brédking .
duwn, or mired, thro’ the Badnefs fF the ware
whereby ‘the Gentry were ‘oblig‘d “to- watk-on
Foot, and fometimes the Ladies to mount behind

their Servant, or'ridé upon the Country Mens
Pack-Saddles, &e. - | ae
- LONDON, OGober 23. -

_ On Sunday. Morning the Reverend Mr. Ra-

- yenall, Curateof Tottenham. about five Miles

off,. after reading Prayers diftin@ly, and pronoun-
cing his Prayer before Sermon, he took his Text
and preach’d on-‘thefe Words; What ts Truth ?-
which, after he had’ explain’d a while, on a fud-
den. he fell raving mad ;, told the. Congregation,
with great Vehemency, that he had -fomething
extraordinary to fay.;- and+ that if they ftirr’d: out
of the Church, they fhould:all be deftroy’d' with
Thunder and’ Lighming,- ‘which -furpriz’d the
People fo, that'a great Confufion enfi'd, and, in
crowding out, “feveral were hurt and bruifed.
We hear that the Widow of Mr. Nath. Brice,
a late eminent Grecer in Andover; out of a:pi-
ous Regard'to her Family, has lately prudently
beftow'd her ‘felf in Marriage to Dr: Cook-of
Newbury. She is berween 50 and 60 Years’ of
Age, has: 8coo 1, to her Fortune, and, 41 Children

living.

_ By priv&te Letters from Dublin; we are in-
formed, that among Mr. Prat, the- late ‘Deputy
Vice-Treafurer’s Papers, was found. a Deed. of
Agreement between a Gentleman, deceafed, ‘no-
ted for his accuraté Survey of ‘Ireland, and the

“Anceftor of ‘a prefent great Man, whereby ‘the

Moiety of a large Tira& of Land:.in that! King-
dom, tothe Value in the whole,‘ of éoool. per
Annym granted from the Grown,’ is affigned over
from the former to the latter, by Virtue of which,
we hear, the fame has been laid Claim. to, and is
how under Reference. 2 +. | St

| Phe Earl ‘of “Effex is expeS&ed: in Town from
Bath this Evening.’ atimemed Sir Gilbert Heathcote
is retutn'd from his Haiiting¢Seat in Lincelnfhire
dlfo Mr. Aldermait Prfong from Paris. . ord
Vifeotint Falmouth is“pane to pafs 4 few Days at
Sir Nicholas.Carew’s at Bedington near. Croyden.

— Mr. Pelham; Séeretary “at. War to the Duke

of Grafton’s, at Eufton in Suffolk. ©
- This Week the Dutclefs:Dowager of Marlbo-
rough’ arrived’ in’ ‘Town’ from Blenheim ;. Jolin
Hanbury, “Efq; and: ‘his: Lady, ‘ who’-had-been at
that Palace with her Grate,' are feturn’d co their

— Séat at Pohtipoole-in! Monmouthfhire. ~—__——

Earl of Thomond is'arrived in‘Town from New-
- Mr. Smith, who is mentioned: fo often in the
late Seffions Paper, onthe Tryal of Mrs«Gre-
gory, .by ‘Mr. Cockereflof Gloucefter, -us::be-
ing concernad ‘in .forwatdiag the Match between
Mr: Cockerell end:Mrs.Gregory’s Gook- Maid, ,:is
pone di trafted,-and fies now raving mad, chain'd
té:his Bed at: Mr. Wright's, a Mad-Houfe, at’ Bed-
nal-Green. The Occafion.of his -Iilnefs is much

attributed to his Engagement:in the unhappy “Af-

fair of the Marriages; oy

Latter End ‘of : laft Week, a couple of Rogues
on‘Horfeback, -robb'd a Man:upon the Road be-
tween’: New-Crofs:::and:-Deprford, -while fomé

People at-a Wimdoyw, in alittle. Houfe near the —

Road, look’d on very sitilly,: bur were afraid to
ftirott.: -" 2 0 Te

~ Our Merehants have- Advife, that the Friend-
fhip bound from Bilboa to Briftol, was lately loft

60 Leagues off of the Lizard,. but the Men were

faved; and broughe ‘to Plymouth. ': She was'laden ,

witli Irony Wool,: Endigos &e. 2 i
<A Ship feom-Virginia was alfoloft-off of. Cape |
Clear, bue'rhe:Menbeing ‘all drown'd, it. was.not ,

known whither flied was-bound:. .°).. 2 0.6. on |
On, Tuefday: le a dange- Seizure of: Candles ,

- Gonfifting of:to00-Ib: Weight, was made by thy Off- .

cers of Excifo; ‘at a Hoyle in'Water-Lane Black-
Friars, oo _ .

-

-Caftlemiain. —

_- Yefterday ‘John

| Dedtbs and Cafualties, Sir William Scot of Thutl<

ftane, in Scotland, Father of the Lord Napier.—
The Widow of Sir Jofiah Child, Mother of Lord
-The Relid of William Wills,.
Efq;. of Rutland. —-—- The Rey. Mr. Buiter- .

field of Slappor in Buckinghamfhire dy'd fud-

dénly. sees Mr. Hall, an Upholfterer,’ dropp’d
down dead fuddenly.—— The Rey. Mr. Bell,’
‘Vicar of Eccles in Lancabhire. . . Mr. dang-

ley,-by a Chair being’ taken from under him in’
felt; as he was going to fir down, fell: with his Back
againft.the Edge, and occafion’d his Death: —~—.<

-A'Nurfe Child by the jolting of a Hackney-Coach
in Covent-Garden, fell our,” was run over by the

Wheel,.-and fdll’d,—_——-Coll. Egerton, a Berba-_
doés Gentlemen, of the:Small-Pox.
~ From Oxford, That.the Head of Jefus College

‘being im'a declining State of Health, Intereft was

making for a Succeffor ; as there. was allo for the,
three: vacant. Fellowfhips of. All Souls,.a Son of
the Lord Trevor and Mr. Robert James being two
of. the Candidates. -;

_ Sergeant Raby is gone to. hold the Affizes at

the. Ifie of Ely, of ‘which Place Charles Clerk,
Efq; is made High. Bailiff, in the Room of —~
Edwards, Efg; —- The Report of the condemn'd
Malefa&ors cannot'be made till thé Return of Mr.
Deputy-Recorder. . | te,

Shepherd and John Draper
‘were whipp’d’at the Cart’s Tail, from the Church
of St. Clement’s-Dane tothe new Church in the
Strand, pirfuant to their Sentence -at the late -
Seffions in the Old- Baily for tearing of and ftea- .

ling Efcutcheons from a Hearfe at a-Funeral ‘:.
| This is.2 Terrovem, perhaps a heavier Punifhment

may be infli&ed upon the next Offenders, ic being
refolved-to puc:a Stop to:that rude Pragtice.

+» On Tuefday laft a notable Foot-Race of a four

Mile. Courfe, was run on Barnet-Common, by 2
young Damfcls, for 5 Guineas of a Side; bur
feveral hundred Pounds: of Bets, alias Bites:
The one was a London Lafs; awd the more’ de-
licare, the’ weak ; the other a Barnet Breed, and
the. more -robuft: Vaft Numbers of :the lower
clafs.of Gentry: attended on that Occafion, expe-

. Ging. they: would. have run in paris waturalibus ;

but.that was ‘over-ruled, and: they were clad in
white Waftcoats and Drawers, -but witheut Shoes: -
or Stockings. They perforind.it in 39 Minutes ;
but the London Girl falling:down, was, run over
by.a Horfe, much hurt, and thereby diftane’d, and

_ the other won the Wager. .__

| ‘The. following Speech which was made. to the
Qicen of. France, «by a “Magiftrate. of .a little
‘Fown,. upon ler Journey, Has.not -yér been made
publick, .and tho’ itis now fomerhing late, we
think’ ic’ worth taking: Notice of, as well for its
Brevity, as becaufe it pleafed her Majcity more

than any other,“ Maria, Sophia, Felicita, Your

“ firft and fecond Name exprefs your Nature ;
“ dnd your. third what we want, and what we
«« have Reafon to expe& from you.” The berter
to underftand this, the Reader. is to know, that
Maria fignifies Piety ; Sophie, Wifdom ; and Felicita,
Happinefs. _ | .
 Yefterday the Common-Courejl voted Sir George
Merttins the Thanks of that Court for his juft Ad-
miniftration in the Office of Lord Mayor.

We have received a Complaint from the Yourntymen
Upbol fevers concerning fome .Hard@ips laid upon them
by their Mafters in employing Womén at an under Rate
to.do the Works.evhereby many of thee who were Appren- .
Sices to, the Trade avant Employment. ---- If qwe were
ablz to vedrefs their Grievances we would ; fince we
are got, they will excufe.us for not inferting. their
Letter. |. Do oy
_ Ina Paragraph in our laft, a fumptuons Entertsin-

| magnt, CPt, aves [aid fo have been made at Sevencake, as
 ' on the Sunday Lefore, which isa Miftake, for it foould ;

-

- which is now added, A Supp

hate been faid, onthe Day following, viz. Monday.

To Morrow tao Charity Sermons will be preached at

the Parifh Ghurch of St: Ethelburga, within Bifvop(eate;
that in the Morning by the Reverend Mr. Mérgan, Lettu-

ver of St. Edmund:s the King,,.and that in the After-.

noon by the Réeverénd Mr. Hutchinfon of st. Botolph
Aldgate = wt: : )
. %o Morrow alfo theve will be two Charity Sermons

preached at the Church belonging to the united Payifbes '

of St. Anne's and St. Pobn Zachary, within Alderfaate.;
that in the Morning by the Rev. Mr. Maffey, Laéthvér of

‘St. Alban’s Weed-Street, and that in the Afternoon t y.
the Rev. Myr. Weatland; Lethurer of St. Stephen's Cole=:

man-Stveet, for the Benefit of 50 poor Children belonging
to the faid Church, ee
.. fo Morrow likewife another Charity Sermon ‘will be

preached at St. Yobn Wapping, ly the Rev. Mr. Yobn

Henley, whofe Name may be fufficient without the ufual
Addition conferr'd upon him by the Town. 7

— South-Sea Stock is 121% Bank 132, 1 half.
India 166. African'16, rhalf. .

ADVERTISEMENTS.

HE Powder which has met with fiuch a gencral Appro-
T bation from Multitudes of People, anfwerng in all
Réfpects fully the Ufe of Coffee, having had a very large
Demand, the Quantity thn imported not being fiifiicicnt,
te anfwer the great-Gall, fo that many Cuftomers contd not
be fupplyed, Care is faken, that none for ‘the future he
difappointed, a large Parcel be.ng jut arrived excceding
fine, and right flavoured ;:to be had at the firft Houfe on.
the left Hand in Beli Savage-Yard on Ludgate-Hill, made
up in quarter, half, or whoté Pounds, ‘at 2s, 6d. per Pound.
Its Quality is extraordinary, and needs no Mixture, being
drank entire, and approved by the moft judicious: It adas
to the heft,:and makes that which has loft its Flavour per-

‘OST a fnall Paper Book, relating to the Management,

-&c. of Funerals; it is written in Characteis, andthe
Prices are fer in Numeral ,Lettcrs, . Whoever fhall b:ing
the faid Book to Humphrey Drew, at his Houfe in King:
Street, or his Shop ia St. Margaret's Church-Yari, Weit-
minfter, thall have a Guinea Reward, it cin beof no Ufe
but tothe Owner. — N. 8, Tue faid Humphrey Drew hath
bought the late Mr. Fiter’s Funera Stock, and carries on that

Bufiriefs at the old accuftom2d Shop adjoyning to St. Marg.i-.

ret’s Church. ;
ndli

uft hed, _

** x. The Socinian’Conb overly difeuts'd, in fix Dialogues.
Wherein the chief’ of the Socinian ‘Tratts publithed: of late
Years are confidered. -To which, is added, A. Defence of the
firft and laft Dialogues relating to the Satisfaction of Jefus
Chrift. By Charles Leflie, Chancellor of the Cathedral of
Connor. The 2d Edition, with a new Preface. ;

2. A: fhort Enquiry -into the Doctrine of the Trinity,
asit is laid down in

futed. . By George

lege ;

3.

rift, -and the Satistaction made for us by
Chrift.- Wherein a'l the Texts. in the O}

ents relating thereunto 4 and the springs pal

‘ fhe Church ‘of En

our Lord‘ Jefus:

Paffages in the
land, are col-

icure and «Articles of
“leéte yeompared, explained, and vindicated from the Errors

of Dr. Clarke. All printed for G. Stratian at the Golden
Bali over-againft the Royal-Exchange in Cornhill. .
-*,.*. A Compleat View of the Britifh Cuftoms; contain-
ing the Ratesof Me:chandize. ‘The whole-continued to the
End of the Seffion of Parliament, Anno nono Georgil: To
lement, containing feycral Al-
terations and Additions; and the Rates of Merchandizes u-.
{ually imported, and not prticularly rated in the former
Book of Rates, Withthe total Net Duties and Prawbacks,
being a.further Continuation to the End of the Seffion ot
Parliament, Anno undecimo Georgii. By Henry Crouch
of the Cuftom-Houfe, London. Printed for J. Osborn anc
T. Longman, at the Ship and Black Swan in Pater-Nofter-
Row, and W. Bell at the Crofs-Keys and Bible in Cornhill.
To be Sold. . os
T the Swan Inn at Rumford, a Stage Coach and Horfes,
A with a Hearfe, a large Stack of good Hay,.and a Stack
of good Oats; at the fame Inna very good A partment to be
lett, .with a front Shop to,the Market, and Stable Room for
tse Horfes, and Yard Room for the Coach, which fets out for
London Niondays, Tuefdays, Thurfdays and Saturdays, at
Nine o’Clock-in the Morning; their Fare 2s. a piece, and
are paid for all bye Journeys, to take any Paflengers up, or

_ carry any home.

De To be Lett in Richmond.
Good Houfe with five Rooms on a Floor
Green, lately inbabiced by Mr. Holwell,

and. Broksr, with other Canvenie: ,
and a Feather Room ovet it 3 ora Leaft of it to he fold of
56 Years to come. y ee

fronting the
abinet-maker

their firlt Creation to

Plate, with theiy Effigics.

Hou.

‘ Land at .Michaelmas next,

» Druggift, at the Golden-Crofs,
_ den, or of Mr..“Philip Gurdon, Draper,
_ County of Oxon. and be farther fatisfied.

holy Scripture.,- Wherein the Errors of J
Di. Clarke, relating to that Subject, are examined and cond Big
ale, A.M. late Fellow of Chriit’s Cot |
now Vicar of Ganeshorough-and Prebend of Linco'tig. .¥.
he true Scripture Doétrine of theTrinity; the Eucha-—

' to do; the Money.is returned. This
‘ deftroys Mercury, and carries it out of the Body, and thereby

- OF Ulcers and Scabs,

cies, as a good Work-houfe, -

Too _ This is to give Notice,- - - a
THAT the new Map of Middle, Effex, and Hertford-
A Ahire,. (by actual Survey) by John Waybnrton, Efq; So-
merfet-Herald, and F, ik. S. Mr. doteph. Bland, and Mr.
Payler Smyth, is deliyeréd to Subfrribers by the faid Mr.

Bland, at his Houfe on Peter’s-Hijl near the Herald’s-Oliice,
and by the faid Mr. Smyth, at his Chambers ‘No. z, in Hol-

born-Court, Gray's:-Ino. ;
; "ss __sSpeedily will be publithed oO
-** The ARMS of au the Englinh BARONETS, from
cit: | ereatiol the prefent Time; with an Account
of the Antiquity, -Defcent, Marriages and [ffne of all the
BAKONETS, N. B. Specimens of this Work have been
fent to al:voft all the Families, and.a great many have fent
in ther Family Accounts; theréfore thofe few Bar Mets.chac
have not fent .heir Accounts, are delired to do it by the
laft Cay of November, for then that Book goes to the Prefs,”
and if fome Accounts are, not fo full and comp'ete as might
be exnected, she Batonets have only themfeives to.blame for
it. ‘ No Subtcription is require, or the Baronet to be at any
Expence. Specimens may be feen at the Undertaker’s Tho.
Wotton, at the Three Daggers and Queen’s Head againft Sc.
Dunftan’s Church, Fleet-Street.

The following PRINTS are {bld-by J. Wilford in Little-

ttf T. A very neat and beautiful Effigies of the lare Kev.
and Learned str. Charles Leflie. Pricé rg. 6d. N.B. This
will ferve as a very proper Frontifpiece.to his Theolagical
Works in 2 Vols. Folio, aud may be prefix’d to thofe which
are already bound, as well. as to thofe waich may be bound
oreatter.

Jt. The fame Effigies neatly done in Metzotinto. Price

1 5S. . '

ITI. Pious nftruétions, which were found ‘hanging. up in
a black Ebony . rame in the Clofet of King Charies [. foon
atcer his Death. Printed on a Broadfide with the King's Ef-
figies neatly engraven. _— Price 6d,

AV. Tue lat dying Words of the late Rey. Mr Willlam
Pauland John Hall, Efq, neatly cngraven on a large Copper
Price 18. 6d. .

Concerning Lunatick or Melancholy Perfons.

| NY Perfon that has Friend or Relation (of the female Sex)

afflicted with Lunacy, may have them treated with the -

greateft Care and Leni:y, where there is a large Garden,

good Air, and a very pleafint Situation, not far from Lon- .

on. They are attende.! by Nurfes or Servants of their own
Sex ; no Man-Scrvants being allow'd of. There is Hkewife
cod Accommodation,at an cafy Rate, for Women-Luna-
ticks or melancholy F erfgns, who are deem‘d or thought in-
curable. Enquire at®vfe ,Golden .Key near the Penny -Poft
Office in Chriftopher's Church-Yard, Threadncedle-Street,
near the Royal®E.xchang

N No Men Luna

TOR lett at Ipfton, near Stoken-Church, in the Gounty
4% of Oxon. a handfome large Dwelling-Honfe, § Rooms
ona Bloor, and good Gardens abont the Houfe, with a gond

. Orchar!, Fimh-Pond, Dove-Honte, Coach-Honfe and Stabling,
and all other Conveniéncies.
 cither with or without 50 Acres of arable Lind; the Honfe
. may be enter'd upon immediately, or at Chriftmas next, the
being 30 Miles trom London, 6 .

NM. B. The Houfe is to be lerr,

from High Wickham, 6 from Henley. Inquire of Mr. Walter,
Ruffel-Street, Covent-Gar-
at ‘Thame in the

Agiinft the VENEREAL DISEASE.

“HE ramous [Italian BOLUS, has fo great Succefs in
. the Cure of the Venereal Difeafe, that not one of the
eat: Numbers that daily rake ic mifS ofa perfect Cure ; and
\ fo very cheap as 2s, 6d.each, yet four Boluffes never
Litto root out and carry off the moft malignant, virulent,

and Now 'Tefta, |; a2dobtinate kind of the venereal Difeafe, without Confine-

ment, or making your Cafe known to any; which, if it fails
at Medicine likcwift

relieves thofe unfortunate Perfons who have fallen into bad
Hands in former Cures. Is to be had only at the Flaming

‘Sword the Corner of Ruffel-Strect, over-againft Will's Coffee-

Houle, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Place is Coun-
terfeit. .
W. Rayner, Surgeon, living at the Blue Pofts in Prefton's- .
Yard, the lower end of the Minories, the Name Rayner and
golden Ball hanging over the Gate, near Little Tower Hill.
Ath a {peedy and fafe Cure for the Pox or Clap, with all,
“kits various Symptoms, by his famous chymical Drink,
being pleafant in Tale, yet effectnalin enring that dangerous
Difeafe, which has been the Ruin of Hundreds by falling into
unskilful Hands. I cure (under God) the moft inveterate Pox,

“in z Weeks at fartheft, as Ulcers in the Throat, loft Palate,
finking in the Nof2, Phymofis, Paraphymofis, Shankers, pocky

Warts, Buboes, orfwelling inany Part, If your Body be full
inatew Days} remove all thofe.hetero-
genousParticles, taking away-all Pains inthe Head, Shoulders
and thin Bones, fothat this falubrious Liquor reftoresthe Body
to perre:t Health. They that have made Tryal of it wonder
at the Cures it performs. ‘Thoft who have newly got a Cia

I fe
- may entirely depend on a Cure, by taking two or three Dofes

of my venereal Pillsor Bolnftes, without Hindrance of Ru-
finefS, or it heing known to the reareft Relation or Bed-
fe'lo-v. I'thatl not ufe many Invitations, but rather leave

_ you to make Experience, which is beyond all Argument. In

a Word, let your Condition be‘never fo bad, diftruft not; far
I promife very fair, no Care no Money. 1 do any thing in
Surgery. My Pills and Boluffes are ufeful for Sea or Land,
which [have alway ready by me. Note, There's a Light at
my Door in an Evening. ;

: Lord Middieton. ‘lo -which is a
Seeds, Pl
in a Seed-Man's Shop.

.a Graduate Phyfician, who has pub

2nd ge w.farther. -
ks are tatertain’d at the fame

_ trates in the inmoft Reecfles of the Lungs,
i

‘ expect

Cornhill, and at no other Place.

. Vomiting, puts off

“Sew tig ce oq This Day ia publitned, egy
: *i* The Comlete SEEDSMAN: Shewirg tha hafta

eafictt Method for Raifing and Cultivating evory Sert of

Sed belonging to.a Kitchen and Flower Garden ; with ne--
-eeffary Inf.

uctions for Sowing-of Berries, Maft, and Secds
ot Evér-Greens, Foreft: Trees, and fuch as are proper. for
improving of Land. Writtcn at the Command of a Pe fon
of Honcsur._. By Benj. Townihend, formér!y_Gat lene: to the
Jed, a Cutaioguc of the
Tract, and to bz found
R.' Bradley, F.
without Tem-

&c. mentioned in this
N ‘ Recommended b
R.S. Printed for W. Mears at the Lan

ple-Bar, and fold by Mrs. Arabzila Fuller at the Three

Crowns and Naked Boy over-agiinft the New Church in the
Strand. And of the {uid W. Mears
ifhed. Doo, So,

I. Mr. Bradley's New Improvements in Planting and Gar-
dening, compleat in one Vol. the 4th Edit. Illuftrated with

| Cooper Plates.

I¥.—Works -of Nature, fine Cuts. oe Co

IIf.—ranflation of Agrico'a of Husbandry, with cuti-
ous Cuts. | . : :

TV.—Two Decads of Succulent Plants.

N.B: The third is in the Prefs. ;

Lectuarium Mirabile: Or, the Admirable Ele‘tuary
which infallibly cures all Uegrees and Symptoms of the
secret Diftafe, with morc Eafe, Speed and Satety, than arly’
Medicine yet pubdiith’d ; any old. Running, &c. though of -:
veral Years ftanding, whether occafion’d by. an over-{train,
Weaknefs of the Seminats, or the elicts of a former [nttcti-
on, ir certainly cur’d ih-a fhoyt Time, without a Minute’s’
Confinement, Sulpicion, orthe Ufe of Aftringents ; being a
Medicine fo wonderfully p'eafant and edfy in its Operation,

‘that the niceft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may take it

with Delight: ‘Two Pots are, generally fific cnt to compleat
a Cure in moft Cafes. ‘To be‘had only off the Author Dr. Cam,’

ifhéd it “20 Years; and is
conftantly to be advis‘d with at his. Hou‘e ‘ar the Golden Balt

] Biizabeth Myers, Wife of Wittiam
Myers, Weaver, living in one of the
ten Houtes in Coverley’s Fields in Mile
End New ‘Town, having. the Misfortune
to have a Piece of Mortar fall into my left Eye, which oc-
cafioned great Pain and Anguifh (notwithitanding we tifed
fich Means as we were advifed was proper tor the fame) the’
faid left Eye became quite Blind, the Sight thereof be'ng
wholly loft, and without any Hop:s of ever recovering the

fame; but being by a Friend directed to Mrs; ‘Cater in Ca-
_ ftle-Courc Bircnin-Lane, Cornhiil, fhe, at firft Sight,

mi«
fed under God, to bring méto my Sight again, and did per-
form the fame in as thort a Time as con'd-he expected 5
and this I doe that Perfuns in my late C ndition may know.

may be had, lately pub-

fy
r*

and Lamp, in Bow Church-Yard in Cheapfide, at half'a Guinez
1¢ Fot. a! 4

—<e

where to apply for Cure, as Well as a grateitil acknowledg- ,

ment for.fo great a Cure. , TERSI ?

Note, She cures without any Inftrument ; and fhe infallibly
cures the Ague, without the feaft Grain of Cortex, or that
they call the Jefuits Bark. Price five Shillings the Vial. No
Letters received except, Poft paid. "

| yr AUSTHMATICUM, ot the Afthmatick Ju

ep, which is knewn by many Years'Experience to béa ne-

J yeriailing Medicine in old obftinate Afthma’s, whofe fuffo-
cating Fit it puts off in a Moment; it gives a perfect Relief.
in ttraining laborious Coughs, that are uumercifully trouble=
fome Night and Morning; ‘tis a moft excellent Remedy for.
Shortnets of Breath upon any Motion, and in. Breathing with
Difficulty, Straightne% of tle Breaft, with Hoarfenefs and

Wheezing. Nothing exceeds this admirab!te Julen, for by open-
ing the Brouchial Duéts and Pnetinonick Pafluges, it pene-

and there meeting

with tough, thick, cold, clammy, Jlimy Pilegm, fo attenuates,
divides, moves and
orates and throws up all fitch matter with the greateft
Faté and Pieafure, thereby cleanfing and freeing the jireaft
and J.ungs, when ftuffed up and clogged with a heavy Load, and
fo prevents Confiumptions, Ulccrs 0 the Lungs, &e. ote,
It is a fate and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken by fpoontuls,
according to the printed Nirestions, without the leaft Confine-
ment, or danger of catching Cold. To be had at Mr. George
Strahan’s at the Golden Bali over againft the R oyal Exchange ;
nee 2S 6 a.

INCTURA NERVOSA CARDIAGA, or the Cordial
T Tincture for the Nerves, being an approved, experienced

and never-failing -Medicament in inking, languifhing, and
ing

lownels of Spirits, Palpitaticn, or Trembling of the Heart, in
all paralitick. foporofe and convulfive. Diftem rsy and-in all
Affliztions of the Head and Nerves ; it infallibly prevents the

bad Effects of Coffee and Tca on the Nerves, which otcafions

in mot People the above-mentioned Diforders (with man
more, ‘hich you'll {ee at large in the printed Book of Direti-
ons) but yet by taking a few Dropsof this moft pleafant deli-

~

cate Cordial, in the fisit Dith of Coffee or Tea, you may then ~

‘drins at Liberty; for this great Mcdicine penetrates through

and {> recruits the Brain and Pre-
irits, which perform the
lacrity, and new Brisk-

the whole nervous Syitem, ;
cordia with a full Infux of exulting S
Bufine’s of vital Function with freth
ness 5 fo that the Pulte, ah lay f
alls ting vigorou anc
aenit ea deftly dilpertes Fear, SainefS, confufed Thoughts,
Twitehings of the Legs and Avms, difturbed Siecn, and all the
difmal Train of Vaponrs and Melancholy. Tt likewile ftops
aufeouthels,, ality a Bood Appetite,
n great Efteem amon uality of the fi ank.
Sold only at ra Strahan’s, Rook feller, at the Golden Ballin
Comnhill, over-againft the Royal-Exchange, aad at no other
Flace. Price at. “~. .

whieh Jay fecble and wavering, now ,
reat Exa¢tnefs 3 more-

——

\

worksit, that by coughing anifpitting ic. ‘
 |

Litely publifi'd; the Fifth Edition correéted, of

.*,* A Compcndious
from the flighteft itching Humow in parricular -Pasts only,
to the moft inveterate Itch, ftubborn Scahtinefs 5 and confir-
med Leprofy 7 platuly defcribing their Symptoms, Nature,

— Dependance on caci other, origi 11 Caute, and d.fnal Confe-

quences tothe Patients, and their Poftcrity, it neglected or
mifinanaged ; alfo the dangerons Ettééts of Quickfi ver Gir-

dies, Ointments, Waikes, and other pernicious Mercurial |

Medicines. Difcovering thetrue and only.ccrtain Method of
curing thof& Diftempers with Sa‘ety, Eafe and Expedition,
and without the Ufe of daubing Ointments, Brimftone, or o-
ther nauteous zadill finel’ing xemedics, Confinement of the
Patient, D:force: of the Body, or Knowledge of the neareft
Friend.” The whoie iiluftrated with feveral extraordinary Ca-
fes, and very remarkable Cures performed by the Author.
Neceffary to be read by all Perfons, but more efpecially thofe
who are unhappily troubled with the ITCH, of any other
Diftemper of: the Skin. By T. S._ Printed, and fold by J.
Robe ts near the Oxtord-Arnis, in Warwick-lane, A. Dodd,
at the Peacock ‘without Temp!‘e-Bar. Price ftitch'd, One
Shilling. mL _-
Juft publifhed, the fecond Edition, corrested, of ;
*4*" A new Theory of CONSUMPTIO .*: More efpeci-
ally of phthifis, orconftimption o the lungs: whercin after
& brievhiftory of the diftemper, its various fy np oms throngh-
out its feveraldegrecs, andevery minute fccp it takes, from
its firfc invading the patient, to its final termination, enqui-
ry is made concerning the prime, eflential, and hitherto
accounted inexplicabi¢ cinfe o‘ that tiifeafe, fo very enidemick
to this Nation, and generally. fatal-t6. thofe it feizes on.
With an account ot the great. number of medicines, and
various methods of cure reconimended for-confumptions, arid
the different opinions of authoistoncerning them. Alo the

potlibility of healing ulcers in the lungs afferted, the {crongeft:

udle method_of cure advanc’d, than commonly pra‘tis’d.
Likewife directins about cating, drinking, fleeping, exercife,
and way of living in general, proper ‘or confumptive perfons.
By Benjainin Aiaitin, At. D. Printed for R.
the Bifhop’s Head in St. Paul's Church Yard ; W. Bellat the
Crofs ‘Keys und Pible in Cornhill; J. Hooke at the Flower

objections againftic anfwer'd, anda different and more pro-

- de Luce againft St. Dunttan’s Church in Fleet Street, and C.

King at the Judge's Head in Weftminftcr Hall.. Price 38. 6d.
THE incomparub e Powder for’ cleaning the Teeth, which
has- given fo great Satisfaction to meft ot the Nobility and
Gentry in Eng'and, for above chefe ze Years, notwithftanding
the many Countertvits fince its firft. Publication, endeavouring

to imitate this the on'y trne original Po: der. Sold only ac
uhop, in St. Miehaél's Church-Porch, Corn-

Mr. Palmer’s Far
hill, at. Mr. Markham’s Toyshop at the 9 Stars under St. Dun-
ftan’s Church; Fleet-Street, and tio where elfe in England. it
at once ufing makes the ‘Teeth as white as Ivory, tho never fo
black or yellow, and e lally prefeivés them from rotting
or decaying, continuing them found tq exceeding old Age. It
wonderfully cures the Scurvy’in the Gums, preyents Rheum er
Defiuiion, kills Worms: at the Root of the Teeth, and-there-
by hinders the Tooth-ach. It admirably faftens loofe Teeth,
heing a‘neat cleanly Medicine, ofa pleafane andgrateéful Scent

Price 1s, the Box. Note, all the Nobility, Gentry, &c. who fend
to Mr. Markham's for the Powder for the Téeth, are defired to
give ftrict Orders not to miftake the Shop, (MA RK H A M
at length is under the Seven Stars) becaufe_moft of the Toy-
fhops in his Neighbourhood, feeing Multitudes go to his
Shopfor it, have tru:np'd up Counterfeits, and fell their Smnff

in Imitation of our known and approved Powder, in prejudice

to the Publick... N B At the fame Places are fold the highly
eftecmed Lip-Salve for Ladies, &c. of a charming and delight-
ful Scent. Price 15. each Box. oe
Advertifement to all thofe who fife Sheet-lead.
T is ogreed by all, if we Plumbers could caft Lead exaétl
J equal to the thinneft Part ofthe Sheet, it would be better
and more durable than to ke thicker in one Placc than in ano-
ther, fo that the Exccfs of Thicknefs is not only an uneceffary
Chaige paid for, but it makes the Shect worf, by its ftronger
refiting the Sun-Heams, which falling alike on all Placcs,
draws up the thinncr Parts, when the ftronger ftays behind,
and caufss that cockling and crackling thereon, and is cer-
tainly fo: mich woke by what it varies from an Equality ;
whereas if AtiNed Lead ge but as thick as the thinneft Part
of a C2ft Shect, defites its Beanty and Smoothnefs, the Equa-
lity and Slidity is futkcient to prove it much bettcr than Caft
Lead; befides, there are Cr:ck-blow Holes, and Sand Holes
in Cat Lead, that often happen, and lie concealed with the
Shect, net appearing on the Superficies. The general Ufe the
Mill'd Lead is applied to, plainly thews its Preference to Caft
Lead, viz. his Majelty’s Royal Navy and Yards, and Green- |
wich Hofpital; all the fifi'y new Churches thit have been
built-are. covered with Mill'd Lead, the Honourable Com-
miffioners not admitting a Propofaf of Caft. It would be
endicfs to mention what Quantity of Mill'd Lead is ufed on
the Hotifes of the Nobility and Gentry, as likewife on common
Buildings, &c. Note, John Fincher, Plumker in Swallow
Street agzinft St. James's Church by the new Buildings, hath
there an entire Lead Mill to him elf, and felleth his Mill'd
Lead much cheaper than others, as any one by fending or
fpeaking withhm, or his Partner, James Slater Plumber,
may pe dally fatisficd. The Sizes are from fout Pound to five,
fix, feven, eight or nine per Foot Square, or. any further
Thicknefs, it being caltan Irena thick, and five Foot wide :
It is delivered any where about Town free from Charge, having
a Cart for that Purpoft: They aifo make Mould Water Pipes,
afrer a new-Method, ofall Sorts, andexchange for Pig Lead,

ot old Lead.

reatife of the Difvafes of the Skin,

’ Right to Deodinds, Felons Goody, Wal

naplock, .at-
ébions

‘or B

. that were removed to Mr. Allcroft’s fome Years a 0 to

‘LOND

sf OTOLE of ftray'’d off of Walworth Common, Surry; a

forrel Mate, of-about fourteen Hands, ‘fix or 7 Years
oid, with ‘our white Fect, a white Blate down the Face,
a faife Quarter on the off Foot behind; a white Saddle Spat

, Jat over the near Shoulder. “Whoever brings her to Tho-
‘mas Genoels, Newington Butts, or Mr. Willidm Genoels,

.Lovels-Court, Pater-Nofter- Wow, fhall have “a Guinea Ke-
ward, undreafonable Charges = i, -
This Day is publithed,
*," -Lex Manerioram: Or, The Law and Cuftoms of
England, relating to Manors, and Lords of Manors, their
Stu :rds, Deputies, Tenants, and others, viz. of. the Lords

and Goods of Fe’o de fe; of the Privileges of their Ten.nts
4m ancient Demefne, and of Widows Free-Bench, &c. of
Copyhold Eftates, Courts-Leet, Courts-Baron, and _ By-
!.aws there made, and of-Amerclaments, Fincs and Heri-
6t&, and haw to be recovered; of Surrenders and Admitt n-
ees to Copyholds, and of entailing them, and of barring
and difcontinuing fuch Entails by Fines and Recoveries in
the Lords Court, and by other Methods; of Leafes made
by Copyholders with Lie:nce and: without ; alfo of Forfei-
tures and other Determinations oftheir Eftates. ‘The whole
being a methodical olleétion of the Cafes difperfed in the
feveral Volumes of the Law relating to Copyhold_ Eftates,
and to every Thing depending on that Tenure. To which
is added, an Appendix of all ‘the modern Entrics of Decla-
rations, Pleas, Replications, ‘ cjoinders, Demufrers, Iffies,
fpecial Verdiéts, Writs of Recordiri, Certiorari, &e. rela-
ting to the faid Cafes. With proper Tables. By W. Nel-
fon of the Middie-Temple, Efq,; Printed for John Hooke

at the Flower de Luce againft St, Dunftan’s Church in Fleet-

STEEL Spring or jointed Trnffes for the Cure ot
Kuptures, eafy to new born Infants, and effe-
ectual to the Aged; alfo Spring Trifles without
Steel Circumference, of an entire new Invention,
extraordinary. eafy as well as ufefiul; alfo Bag Trwf-
fes for fix’d ‘Tumors. Perfons in the Country fen-
ding their Bigne(s, and which Side the Rupture is,
may be fupplied with the Truffes and_proper Dire-

Church-¥ ard, Cheapfide, London, who alfo makes divers Inftrn-
ments to help the Weak and Lame. :

His Mother, Mrs. M. Bartlet, at the Golden-Ball over-
againft St. Bride’s-Lane, in.Fleet-Strect, is skitfiul th this Buyj-
nefs to her own Sex. Her Stee) Spring ‘Truffles for Ruptures at

‘the Navel, are exceedingly light, eafyand effectua

INCTURA MIRIFICA ; Or, ‘the'miraculoys Tinéture
T for the Stone and Griftel, a few Drops of which momen-
| ft exGsntiating Pains either in the Reins
adders, and certainly prevents their Return: For. it ab-
folutély cues that Diftemper in a wonderful Manner, inftant-
ly removes all Uneafinefaot Difficulty in making Water, heals
ail Excoriations, and-even Ulcers of the urinary Paflages, re-
Jaxes the Ureters, io that {mall Stones, together with Grivel,
and all mucous, flimy, obftructing Matter, may pafs freely
from the Kidneys to be voided vifibly with Urine, without
Pain, effectually cleanfes both the Reins and Bladder from
all Impurities, entirely prevents the Stone in thofe that are
troubled with the Gravel only, affiredly di(lolves all large
Stones poffible to be diffolv'd, and likewift brings all thof@ Parts
and Paffages to their due Tone and Vigour, fo as perfectly
to free the Patient from all the fevere Symptoms and mi-
ferable Effects of that torturing Difeafe: "Tis the fatet Me-
dicine in the World, and not difagrecable to take ; the v
fir Dofe of it absolutely cures the moft dreadul Fit of either

tarily takes off the moft

Stone or Gravel, in a Minute, giving fuch wonderful Relies Sattied
‘ ‘ pit, neither doth any other Perfon know this rare

rc: i may have it from 2s.-6d, to a Guinea a Nortle: You

and periect Eafe, as is indeed very furprifing. 41s to be

only at Mr. Radford’s Toyfhop, at the Kole and Crown agai
in the Strand, near Arundel.

St. Clement’s Church-Yard
Strcet-End, at 3s. 6d. a Bottle, with Directions,

This {pecial Notice is given, to prevent Miftakes..

That Mr. Allcroft is removed a few Doors higher in the

Street, viz. to the Blue-Coat-Boy, a Toyfhop, the fecond

Houle above Exchange-Alley in Cernhill, againf the

Royal-Exchange : - oo .
- And alfo to prevent .Connterfeits,

Tt TM {> much fam’d, and only trne Original Royal Chy-
mical Wath-Balls for beautifying the Face, Neck & Hands,
re-

vent Impo&tions, (the Truth of which can, and wi atteht.

ed as often as requited, both by Mr. Allcroft and Mrs. Giles)
are now fold only at Mr. Allcroft’s Toyfhop, at the Blue-

Coat-Boy, the 2d Houfe above Exchange-Alley in Cornhill,

againft the Royal Exchange; and at Mrs. Giles's, Milliner,

next Hercules-Pillars-Alley, by the Temple, in Fleet-ftreer,
rice +S. each. ~
They have near thefe 30 Years been ufed and admired by
both Sexes of the beft of Qnality,-and many thoufands of

Gentry aud others, for making the Skin fo delicately foft and

fmooth, as not to be parallei’d by any Wath, &c. of any

Kind or Form, or any Wath-Bal!, notwithftanding what is

faid tothe the contrary by Pretenders 3 for thefe Rallsare in-

deed real Bear{tifiers of the Skin, by taking off all Deformi-
ties, as Tetters, Kign-worms, Morphew, Sunburn, Scurf,

Pimples, Pits or Rednef& of the Small-pox, and keeping it

of 3 lafting and extream Whitenefs% They foon alter red.

or rough Hands; are admirable in fhaving the Head; they
not enly give a more sxquifite fharpnefs to the Razor, but fo
comfort the Brain and Nerves, ‘as to prevent catching Cold,

They are of a gratefial and pleafant Scent, without the leaft

Grain of Mercury, and may beeaten fortheir Safety.

ON: Prinied «by MW. ALIST,

-

, Eftrays, Wrecks,

By Peter Bartlett, at the Golden-Ball in St. Pauls .

eaey have fine Spanifh Wooll and Portuesl
“give a fine Colour to the Cheeks and lps 5 ihe cuts Hair

‘SPECIFICK Tintmre for the TOOTH.

all Diforders and Defects of the Teeth and Game nene
menting Pain, and not only takes it away. in
but abfolntely cures the Tooth-ach, fo as Reetainty” een
vent its Return. It abfolutely preferves the. Ti ‘hom
growing rotten, and thofe that area little decay’d from be-..
coming worfe ; makes the foulef{ Teeth’ as. white as. ‘Tvorg.
at once tifing; faftens. shofe that are laofe, fad cures the |
Scurvy in the Gums, caufing them to grow up te. Teeth ©
again to Admiration. It is neither dif grecable to the’.
Smell or 'Tafte, but really preferves the Teeth and Gums
from all Manner of Foulnels, Corruption, and Putretactie~

~ver ; one Drop of which gives inftant Eaft in the mof tore :

on, and mvy be depended upon to‘anfwer the Character here ~ -

given of it, litterally, and in every Refpe+t. ,
only by the jiuthors Ap inement, gf fre Gentlenoraa*
a Two-Blue Pofts in Haydon-Yard in Inari r
38..and 6d. a Bottle, with Directions. the Minories, at

T the HUNGARY W , so

>) A HOUSE, at the-Blace Bevoay ARE-,
4 a Comb-Makérs, the Corner of Bell-Savag
a

s inn on Ludgate-Hill, is Ig 4

| Hungary Water, being the -f me Se

1 feveral ears paft, and is eafily diftin. iifhed
from the pernicious counterteit Sort fold 2:

: ~ bont the rown, . etended to be imported

Montpelier, &c. Likewife the foll . ign Com

modities are fold at the fame Place, vin 8 foreign ~~

Rigi t French Wungary Water, at 1s 3d. the Half-Pint |

Fine Florence Oil, at 2s. per Flask.
Right [rith Ufquebaugh, at 2s. the Half pint Bottle
Fine Orange-\'lower Water, at 18 6d. per Flask.”
Right Barbadoes Citron Water, at 34s. per Quart, —
Right French Claret at 30 s. per Dozen. —
al pos ot Legnaro an Berninda Hatts tor Ladies,

. B. There is a Sign-Paper on:

Prevent Counterfeits, eres cach Bottle and Mlask, to

WRIGHT’"s Dieutetick, or cleanfing Tint

W. Hach urinally difcharges afl the feeces of ntrid dies r-
the Lues Alamode, or Venereal Infestion and cane.
its Concomitants, the wretched Train of that complicated
Diltemper, asa mucous, filthy, fanions Matter lodg’din the
Reins, or {perrhatick Parts, which either canfe a tharpnefs j
the Urine, or too- frequently provokesi£. This Reéelick i
difcoverable, partiy by the fubfequent Symptoms viz. b 2
Lebility or Weaknefs of the Back, a Fetia naufeous, 21 d
averting Smell of the Urine, with a purulent Matter OF
fecuient Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or lying in it, ¥ ith
Variety of Figures, Farther, this Tinéture efpecially earrice
off all Relicks of the Venereal Difeafe, ufter. j]] managed
Cures, not only cleanfing the Urinary Paflages of ai] Sinn
Gravel, Films, or memobrancous Pellicles, ke. but after 2
fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftoring them : 4
all their genitai Parts, to their original Tone and Ufe though
the Misfortune and Decay be of the longefe Date with NY
qual Succefs in each Sex. To be had ‘or i¢s. per Bottle with
Directions for its Uf, only at his Houfe, the Golden’ He d
and two Lamps in Belt-Savage Yard 6n Ludgate Hi}. =“

Next Door to Mr. Townthend’s, a Soav Boyler. ;
tor-ftreet, near the York-Bui.ding Office,” Ty tn Winche-
t, a Genclewoman who nath a moft-in
Wafh to beautify the Face, wh.ch far excels ener’
are extant, as Abundance of the gteateft Quality have ex--
perienced it.to their entire Sacisfaction. TE taxes out all
manner o: Wrinkles, Freck'cs, Morphew, and Sun.burn
ganfed by mercurial poifonous Wathess it has no Paint in’

Secret
Dithes, which:

very fine, at.er the neweft Mode, and liters red
Hair to a natural Brown, In a few Dzys, fo it thall nore.
change it’ Colour. A Loek of Hair may be ft

, A Lait een thar is
ftained. She has an infallible Cure for the Tooth-ach with-
out Drawing, and foe h-ach with

ffectually, that the Pain will *
return again, and not only ‘, at it makes the Teeth ‘as
white as Ivory, and faftens thofe that are loofe to Admira-
tion. She fhanes the Eye-brow, making them very beautiful
and takes all fuperfuons Hair from the Face, -

The Great Keftorative,

[Nall hyfterick, Diteates, whither hypochondriack Meancholly

in Men, or Vapouys in Woinen, however circumftan ot
to what Degree fcever advariced, or of ever fo long ftandinge
are {peedily and infallibly cured, fo as never to return again. '
by.a pleafant compound Medicament, chymically prepared of
the choiceft Anti-Hyftcricks in the whole Art of Chymiftry :
This Medicine having eured Thoufands of Men and Women
of Melancholy and Vapours, may be depended on fora rece
Cure ; it ftrikes immediately at the firft Caufe of this Dittemn:
per, and entirely deftroys it Root and Branch, reStifying thar
Vitiated Ferment in che Stomach, which is generally the fr ~
and chief Caufe, and thereby cures Indigeftion, purifies the-
Blood and “pirits, ftren thens the Brain and Nerves, chears. |
the whole Frame, ftops Voniting, clears the Head from confrie
fed Thoughts, rémoves Fears, Sadnefs, difturb'd Sleep, Twitch
ings of the Arms or Legs, cures Pa.pitation or. Trembling of
the Heart ; and indeed ali etlicr the many and various Symp-
toms that attend this grievous Diftemper; for take away t
Czufe and the Effect willceafe. Sold for 4s 64. the Bottle,
at the Gelden Ball on Puddle- Dock-Hill, near Ludgate-Streat,.

i andno whereelfe. -

111 Great Carter-Lane,..

al
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 23 Oct. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786198/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 