F Degree.

. ’ . - To's owe
water ae Oe gt dey tent teers w “hi
» . + earn Ste

a noe |

¥5

“ - orees of its Providence, and to raife its own Glory

c
a es 2)

Pa

SATUKDAY, SEPTEMBER It,

The following Piece has been‘tranfinitted to us { tach'd and devoted to your Intéreft, you arc Iefe.

-to your felf and have nothing to depend upon

from France, the Subftance of which we con-
but your own good Senfe and Reafon. We may

ceive will be no unacceptable Entertainment to
the Publick. - |

‘the Adtice of King Staniflaus given to his, Daughter
the Sueen of France, at their parting in the Month |
of Auguff 1725. ,
Pr wees; Earken my Dear Child, and lend
an Ear to what I fhall fay ; qo
ge muft now ferget your People and the
Zj Houfe of your Father; 1 borrow the
Words of the Holy Ghoft to bid
PRE ~you Farewell, fince in the Event
' of this Day'I only confider the Providence of
God, whofe powerful Hand has conduéted us be-
yond all -human Prudence, Speculation, Policy,
and even Expeftation it {elf ; ir only belongs to
- that divine Wifdom tu raife it felf above our I-
maginations, to confound our Views by the De-

Poyfon of Flattery, if we are not prevented by.
felf Love, which isthe only Thing can give us
a Relifh of it. You muft confider it as an In-
cenfe whichis good for nothing but to make us
giddy with its deceitful Odour. |

You will poffefs the greareft Science in the
World, if you can judge the rrue Charaéters of
Perfons, and can diftingujfh real Merit. This ts
the Point of the greaceft Importance. You will
no doubt meet with Perfons boil in the Court
and in the Kingdom . worthy of your Titeem,
and to fuch you fhould pay your Confiderarion,
‘tis a Recompence ts fap port Merit and chattife
Vice. You will alfo ineer with Perfons who will
be for reecmmending themfelves by a certain
Forwardne(s fupportea by xotbing except a pamio-
nate Defire of being vreaz; give fuch to under-
ftand that you kuow chem, aod that they are on-
ly worthy of your Con:empr, for they will be in-
corrigible fhould you give them the leaft Indul-
ence. :

There are Perfors whom we hate, and orhers
whom we love, we know not why ; the firft of
thefe is ax Injuftice, and the lafta Weaknefs.

In fine, all rhis will lead you to one great

‘by Miracles.
You are now become Queen of France, and
our Condition is the higheft in this World ; 1
as the Fame of your Virtues that has raifed you
~ to this Choice. Confider the moft precious Jew-
els of your Crown are going to fhine, and to be
repreiented in foclear a Light, that the Icaft
| Flaw will cafily be perceived. oo
I thall lay before your Eyes 3 Rocks, againft
which the Virtues of the greateft Herocs have of-
cen Split. |
The firft is a fupreme Degree of Grandeur which
raifes us up to Idols, and makes us forget our Hu-
manity, and which renders us odious to Man and
difagreeable to God; by which we arc fo intoxi--:
cated that’ we cannot fee the Dangers which may
fuddenly throw us down. Carry your felf accor-
ding to the Rank which is due to you, ftill conft-
dering that all your Grandeur confitts in the Glo-
sy ofGod. Humble your felf by continually re-
j : : ; ue
; membering how litrle yeu are before his Eyes,
and think that true Greatness confifts in the E-
minence of your Sentiments, in Noblencfs of
Heart, in the Combat of your Paffions, and in the
conquering of your ff. —_
* The fecond Thing is, that Profpersty may be the
more dangerousto yo, becaufe it is a Thing alroge-
ther unknown to you, and having been acquain-
ted with nothing but Misfortunes from your Birth,
Jet them ferve now as a ufeful Leflon to inftru&
you not to abufe your prefent good Forture, nor
be fo infatuared with ir, as to forgct thar Profpe-
sity is fometimes deccitful, and when we give
‘our {elves entirely up to the Thoughts of it, we
‘do not keep our {elves ia that equal Temper
‘Mind which is fo becoming in Perfons of high

reft, and this is, to confider your Truft.asa Trea-
fure above all Price, and which you may eafily
loofe if yeu ufe it indifcreerly ; "tis a Thing you
owe to nore but the King, and to the Duke, who
is the Decofito.y of al) his Commands. Should
yeu partake it with a Third, it will lofe its.Me-
rit with the two Firft, and you will have no Right
to expe& the Corifidence of the King or .of the
Duke, upon whom your Happinefs and Tranguil-
liry muit hereafter depend. _
Let there be no Perfon about you, be they
never fo dear to you, who fhull have Reafon to
think thar you are without Referve in Refpe&
to them ; for if you impart a Secret which is not
of abiclute Neceffity to any Perfon, you chara-
Gerize that Perfon with the Name of your Fa-
vourite or a Confident; the Confequence of which
is, that from being their Miftrefs you become
their Slave ; they will dirc& and command yon,
fometimes according to their Intercft, fometimes
uccording to their Humours, but never with Ju-
ftice : However, this fhould not hinder you from
“hearing good Advice without Prejudice to Peffons,
“judging only of their Sentiments,
__ Asto the reft; you mult confider, that the Force
of the People is the Voice of God, therefore you muft
condu& your felf in fuch a Manner, as if you

meancft of your Subje&ts, and if the Publick was
to be your Judge, fince they will be continually
upon che Watch to obferve you. This has been
the Opinion of all wife Men; ‘tis the Publick rhat
muft render you immortal in your Profperiry ;
its Cenfure is’ dangerous, and its Approbation to
be courted and efteem’d.

Confider that a.-great-King is now become your
Husband ; that he gives you his Hand, in hopes
of finding in you Comfort and Eafe in all his
Cares; that you will be the Companion of his

The third is Flattery, the Attempts of which
you will find unavoidable, the oppofing them
difficulr; bute the Conqueft of them fafe and
glorious. ” | a

Reprefent your felf, my dear Child, as fur-

: rounded with a number of People prefling to
‘> “make their-Court to you; there will not be one
| of thefe-who will not be ready to obey you, to .
be facrificehis Life and’ Fortune’ for your Service,
~- and yot, perhaps, you will rot meet with any
- wWho-willtell you Truth, lcaft in doing fo, they
i<% Should: difpleafe “you and risk their Preferment :
2% Thus, tho’ in the midftof Perions the moft at-

ws - we

rt
roars hy .*
N

a great Queen,

eafily avoid the Infe&ion which comes from the. | Your Suibjeéts look u

commuted to your Care.

dernefs of his Perfon; by an entire
Sentiments.
- Honour and

due to it.; the Gocdnef:

Maxim, which I recommend to. you above all the .

all thofe
‘inthe Affairs of rhe Government.

ately concern’d.

inclin’d to no Vice, I apply m¥ Council

were to give an Account of your A€tions to the,

Labours, a faithful Friend, a virtuous Wife, and

7.

. :
Our Religion, of which this Kingdom is -its
great Support, cpens its Bofom to receive you,
and cénfiders you as its moft powerful ProteQref, «
you as their Mother, fince:

(NumB. 20.)

MIST ’s WEEKLY JOURNAL |

1725.

|
r

the Perfon of his Majefty (in whomithdy live) is

You muft anfwer the King’s Hopes;
3 comply-
s, and by a Refienarion 10 tis
Lei it be yosr will co pleafe, and
your Pleafure te obey him. Avoid every thing
that may give him the lesf Dj gutt, and let his

dernefs o Com
to his Will; by your natural Swée-nefs +
ing witlr his Defir

your Studies.

Regard your Religion
of God in’ a particul:
Manner obliges you toit; and your ovin Piety i
a Security to me that you will do fo. _
_ Benot too inquifiiive in Matters
the Doétrine of your Catechifm is the fafett. fol,
low that, and avoid fearching into Things that
are not the Province of your Sex.

‘Take Care you are not feduced by an outward
Appearance of. Sandtity ; the World is {fo Wicked
that Religion is often ufed as a Cloak for Ambi_
ton and Intereft. In theie Cafes you muft. mo-
deraie your Zeal, leaft it thould miflead you, and
hinder you from {Ceing thofe ( ,

Religion by true Piety, as our Saviour tas com-
manded us, and’ corre& the Manners of
Court by yourown good Example. * — .
Anfwer the Hopes of your Subjeéts by
and Clemency, by fupporting Merit,
t ng Vice, by comforting the affi@ed,
tetting the Opprefs'd: Ler thefe. Duties be your -
daily Employment, and drive from your'Thoughts
Things that may engage you to meddle

by ex

of the King and Ceuncil will not @and in need of:
your Affiftance, and never bufy your felf unle&

by your Teh- Fy

Intereft be the only Objzes of all i -

with all che Zeal. that is :

. . i Snakes in the Grafs. * |
‘Without entring itito ufelefs' Arguments teach’ -

2

ot
Tie
ev «a

- ~*~ +

of Religion, _

~

your. :
Jaftice. e
and by pros x

og

The Wifdom

‘26
oe

where the Glory of God, ‘the Perfon of the King,
and the Safety of your own People areimmedi- --

.

I give God Thanks that T find nothing’ in -you
that wants Correétion ; and, as I think, you are
\ to your
Virtues; Bourty and Generofi:y are’ the
ftinguifhing Beauties of a grear Soul, but when
they excecd certain douads, they lofe their Me«

rit; and, as I know them borh to be nanural to -

two di- |

ir

t aeeet

/

your Temper, you muft cake Care to keep them’

within their due Limits, leaft
gencrate into Faults.
The firft, if it be too general, may give-an

Authority to Crimes,‘ and hinder the Courfe of ;

Juftice.

The fecond, if it be done with Profufion, lofes
its Name, and becomes contemprible: Let the
Motive of the firft be Chriftianiry and good Na«
ture; of the fecond, Chatity and true Merir. —

Tc only remains for.mé to tell you (my dear
Child) thar, as my Daughter, you. are indebted in
Gratitude to the Duke, and, us Queen of France,
you owe him your Confidence. ‘The Truft -rhart
the King repofes.in him, his prudent Govern-
ment, his Difinrereftednefs for the Good of the

‘Kingdom, and his Friend fhip for me, are, I hope,
. fufficient. Ties ta make you remember the in-

finite Obligations you are under to him, and

¢

. 4

they thould depe--

‘ :
. 2
4

*
Tad

*
~

ht. ee to Te)

!
 7

er
Vice. .

Employ all your Cares to keep up an Union in
the Ro

oyal- Houlé of :France ; nothing can be

more glorious or advantageous to the Srate.
In fine, remember your Father and Mother, as
_-well as thofe who have been attached to us in all
our Adverfities ; you know their Number is fo
{mall char they cannot be fo ecafily forgot: And
fince all our Wifhes, by the Grace of God, are
accomplifh’d in your Perfon, it only remains for

as Night and Day to offcr up our Vows to Heaven»

to pour down its Bicflings upon you.

” Tofum up al]; praife God, be charitable to

your Neighbour, love the King, abhor Vice, know
your felf in your good Fortune, be firm in all Ac-

. cidents,. and fupport your felf in Misfortunes, if

any ‘thould fall upon you; refift the Spares of
the World, corre& Errors by Clemency, and

Crimes by Juftice, and encourage Merit by juft.
Rewards; and, in order to live and reign happy,

judge of all Things without Paffon or Prejudice.
FOREIGN AFFAIRS.

Fontainblean, Sept. 14. Here has been no Diver-
fion_in this crowded Court fince the Confumma-
tion. of the Marriage, except Hunting, of which
the Ladies, as well as the Gentlemen, partake.
What’s moft remarkable of this Paftime is,. the
great Number of Sporters, there having fome-
times been about 1000 in rich Dreffes in the Field ;
the Kirg prefented the Queen with the Srag’s
Foor, which is here look’d upon asa fine Com-
liment ; however, her Majefty has found her
{elf fo diforder’d at the Hunting, that fhe ts yet
hardly recoverd of the Fatigue.

Rejoycing Days, a Gentleman was kill’d by a
Tomkin left-in one of them, by Miftake, but it
was not known who he was. Here has been,
for feveral Days, a great Rumour of a War be-
tween this Kingdom and Spain. i.

The Death of Miriweys is confirm’ from all
Parts 3 .his Nephew and the young: Sophi are con-
tending for the Empire.—--—T ders
refolved to hear nothing of the Affair of ‘Thorn,
and for that Reafon they.deny the Britifh and
Pruffian Minifters Aucience: The former of which
has been fore’d to take SanQuary in the King’s
Palace, for fear of being plunder’d tn his Houfe.—

The King of. Spain has not yet digefted tlic Af-
front put upon him by the French, and the Em-'
peror .has been told ky the Britifh Minifter, thar |

the, People of Great Britain cannot confent to the
Treaty of Commerce lately concluded between
Spain and his Imperial Majefty ; fo that ’tis pro-
bable there will be a Rupture in Europe ; bur
where it will begin we cannor pretend to fay.
"Dublin, Sept. 2. There were Bonfires. made for
oy on the News of the Refignation of Wond’s
brent Mr. Edgcomb is preparing to return
to England. —— Our Parliament meets on Tuel-
day next. -_ _ |
Edinburg, Sept..2. Letters Criminal have been
iffued to the Sheriffs for eiting 45 Perfons charg’d
with being concerned in the Tumule at Glaf-
ow, among whom are 4 Women, to compear
Fefore. the Lords Juftice-General, Juftice Clerk,
and Commiffioners of Jufticiary, on the 17th In-

Siant, in order for Trial: Several of them being -

mot yet taken, Proclamation is to be made at the
Places.where they dwelt for them to furrender :
a5.Jury-Men and the neceffary Witneffes are to

be fummoned alfo for the Occafton. ——-—— The:

Affair of the Malt Tax here being ended with-
out Difturbance, part of the ‘T'rodps are'remov'd
from our Neighbourhood, ‘the reft, ‘tis fuppofed;
will ftay till the Trial and Punifhmenr of the

Rioters-is over. ‘Phe. Brewers, after ¢ Week's

induce you to follow his wholefome Ad- |
On - {Terms of the AQ, this Day the Court of Jufti-
ces remitted the Fine of double Duties that had

: At the
firing of the Guns at the Greve, on one of the _

e Polanders are [

Confideration,. having all eomply’d wit the

been laid-on them for their Refufal; which ‘twas’
thought would influence the Obedience of all the
Places in the Kingdoin.——

ewels have been-retovered from the Plunder
of Mr. Cambell’s Houle. A Man was ftopt here
with a Diamond Crofs, which he fuid he had of
his Brother a Hatter at-Glafgow. Several Satyri-
cal Papers are printed and fent about rhe King-

dom, to fome of which Anfwers have been pub-

lifhed. : . :

From Bath, 'That.the Ea:l of Effex, Lord and
Lady Craven, Sir John Jenings, the Dutchefs of
Dorfet dnd Lady Betty Germaine, were newly ar-
ved there. |
From Exeter; That there had been fomething
of @ Mutiny among the Soldiers, about their
Cloathing. : :

From Lincoln, Thar laft Week Mr. Williams’s
bay Hoife, Squirrel, won his Majefty’s 1co Gui-
neas ; Mr. Sunderland’s bay Horfe, Connylad, the
201. Plate; Sir Michael Newton's Bald Jack, the
301. Mr. Birch’s bay Mare, Small Profit, a 20 I.
Plate ; and Mr. Medcalf’s bay Horfe, the Ladies
80 Guineas Plate. ;

Briffol, Sept. 4. Lat Monday General Wills re-
viewd the Forces here, and is fince fer ‘out for
Worcefter and Gloucefter.

_ Feverfoam, Sept. 6. Mr. De la Fountain, the Pain-
ter, has finifh’d anew Altar-Piece for our Church,
which meets with general Approbation.

: LONDON, September 11.

On the ift Inftant, the Right Hon. the Lord
Walgrave, one of the Gentlemen of his Majefty’s
Bed-Chamber, fer out for the French Court, being
charged with his Majefty’s and his Royal Highnefs
the Prince of Wales’s Complements to the moft
Chriftian King upon ‘his Marriage. |

On Tuefday laft dy’d at- his Houfe at Hamp-
ftead, Mr. Beach, who kept the Hoop Tavern
in the Strand, a Quaker, faid to be worth abourc
40000 |. ,

brought to Bed of a Son. »

On Monday Night a Centinel at Whitehall af-
faulted a Servant of the Morocco Ambaflador, by
pulling of his Manrle, &c. for which he was com-
mitted to the Savoy, in order to be punished for
the fame. .

The Reverend Mr. John Warren. was lately
prefented to the Reftory of Hethe in the County
and Diocefe of Oxford. : ST

‘We have Accounts from diverfe Parts of the
Country, thatthe Harveft, upon the happy Change
of the Weather, proves very good. |

‘Our Merchants have this. Week the bad News
of: the following Loffes.at Sea, viz. the Cathe-
rine, Captain Welch from Amfterdam: for Ma-

dera: A Veffel of 10 Guns with Pipe Staves and -

Iron from Hamburgh for Malaga, the Mafter

whereof and 4 Men were drowned: And ano- |,

ther from Calais for Villa Nova, Tho. Wright
Matter, all three loft near Calais: Alfo the
Primrofe Captain Rufton, . from Sunderland, Jott

near Rotre dan: Ani a.Ship~ from Horn for
Roan with Cheefe and Oy], all rhe Men. loft :

Likewife a Ship of Hans Kockveilt from Am;

fterdam for Rochel ; and the “Hope, Captain fanz.

from Zealand for Ireland ; the. firft quite loft, che
Goods of rhe taft fived. oo
They write from Curaffoa, that a large Sloop

‘ belonging to the Affiento Faftors, Captain Moore,
_was lately loft near that Place, and che faid Cap- |
-tdin and 24 Men were drowned, 7 Spaniards and

a Negroe {wam afhore to Curaffoa.

Some Medals and '

‘On the 4th Inftant, the Countefs of Exeter was -

<

4
‘

‘from, Smyrna is arrived in the Downs. ”

to fee the Marriage Solemnity, having fome fine

‘Horfes which. the young” King was delighted

with, mighrhave fotd them’ at any Price, but_
he chofe rather to make his Majefty a Prefene
of two of the beft; whereupon the King order-

ed him and his Friends to be well accunstiodated * .
during the Ceremony, and, ’tis believed,’ will °

make him a handfome Prefent befides.

On Wednefday Night be:ween. Eleven and 3
Twelve a-Clock a Fire broke out at a Haber-’’

dafher of Hats on the Bridge Foot in Southwark, -

which burnt on: both Sides of the Way. with’.
- great Violence for Four or Five Hours. We -hear |

that. about 60 Houfes are confumed, fome upon
the firft and fecond Arch of the Bridge; and

chad ic not been for che S.one Gare which ftopp’d »

the Fire very much, the reft of the Houfes on

the Bridge had in all Likelyhood been ‘burt ’—

down. The Bridge for fome.Time was, bythe _.

Fall of the Timber and Rubbith, render'd impa{-

fubic for Coaches, Waggons, and Carts,’ which :

were obliged to crofs over ar Lambech Ferry. The
Damage amounts to many Thoufand of Pounds,
but no juft Compuration can yer be made of ir. —
On ‘Thurfday laft che Report of the 7 Malefa&- -
ors that received Sentence of Death at the late
Seffions inthe Old-Baily, was made to their Ex- -

for Exectition on Monday nese. _

Once of the Men, viz. James Cliff, that‘ was to
be hang’d méxt Monday, as above-mentioned, di
ed yefterday Morning, fo that, as the Irifhman
fald, he hath fav’d his Life b;'t.

The Reverend Mr. Edward Chappel is prefen-

ted tothe Rectory of Se. Peter’s in Nottingham.’
And the Rev. Dr. Lany tothe Restory of Great’ ”
| Crefhngham, with the Chappel of St. G -
nexec, inthe County of Norfolk and Diocefe of |

7e0rge an-

Norwich.

Tne Jews of Metz, when they prefented a
Cup to the Queen of France, in paffing thro’ that
City, made her the following Compliments’:

‘« Madam, our People had forinerly Jefs Joy
“atthe Arrival of the Queen of SKeba, than—
“¢ we have at this Time pr. ftrate at the Feet of
“your May fty. That Frincefs came to admire
the Virtues of a Great King ; and you are
come to difplay thofe thar will be the Happi-
“ nefs of the Solomon of our Days; but “how

“~

a

é

ow

”-

“, great muft our Satisfafion be, thar we can ad-

“« mire in your Majefty, the Virtue of Efther, |
“and the Magnanimity of Judith! May the
Eternal God grant to your Augult Marriage

-

celléncies i: Council at the Cockpir, Whitehall, .-
when four Men and one Woman were order'd’ _

‘Sa Blefling of Felicity and Profperity like to:

c

“

that that was beftowed on the Families of our”
firft Fathers. Thefe are the Wifhes we bring ©

¢

Sad

.§

a, fF a

Fidelity. This Cup retains fome Tokens of
two remarkable A&tions of King Solomon and‘
‘© the Queen of Sheba, Give us Leave, Madam, -
‘© to pretent it to your Majcfty.

4

oa

“to the. Foot of the Throne of your Majefty;- ~
whither wef are come to pay you the firft and -
moft refpeétful Homage of our Submiffion and |

-” -

The Pompey, Captain Martin, a rich Ship -

To Morrow at Five.in the Evening there wik be a

quarterly Collection Sermon preached by tke Reverend ':

Mr, Hevley, Refforer of the ancient Elocution, at the

Parify Church of St. famesin Duke's Plate, for defray- - °
ing. fome of the Charges of an Evening Leflure beld at:

1: the faid Church.

To Morrow alfo there, will be tava Sermons preached *

in the Morning hy the Rev, Mr. Smith, Curate ee
Botoiph Aldgate, and that inthe Afternoon by the-Rey.

_at the Pavifo Church of St. Stephen Coleman-Strect; that“

Mr, Dubordien, one of the LeBuvers of” st.’ §ébr-Hatk= -

Mr. Aldérman Parfons who went: over to France , wey, for the Benefit of the Charity Children belonging to:
 “%
.

“the two wnited Parifbes of St: Olave-fewry and Sta
Martin: Jvenmonger-Lane. |. _

Sonth+Set Stock is'122, 1 Sth.: Bank 137,1 4th

India :146,- whalf.. African 16, 1 8th.
JADVERTISEMEN TS.

- This Day is publifhed,
*,.* The COMPLETE ENGLISH TRADESMAN,
‘and Progreffions of TRADE, viz. .1. His acquainting him-
‘felf with Bufinefs during his: Avprenticefhip. 2. His wii-
‘ting to hiz-Corgsefpondents, and obtaining a general Know-.
ledge of Trade, as well what he.is not, as what he.is.cm:.
ploy'd in. 3. OF Diligence and Application, asthe Lite of
all BufinefS. .4.Caations againft
ordinary Occafions of a Tradcfinan’s Ruin, fuca as ex en-
five Living—Toos early marrying—Innocent Diverfions—~
Giving and taking too much Credit—Leaving Bufincfs to
Servants—leing above Pufinefs—Entering into dangcrous
Partnerthips, &c.. 6:.Direétions in the fevcral Diftreffes of
a Tradefman when he comes to fail. 7. Of Tradefinen com-
pounding with their Debtors, and why they are fo particu-
larly fevere. 8, OF Tradefmen ruining one another by Ru-
mour and Scandal. 9..Of Credit, and how it.is only fup-
ported by Honefty. ro-Direttions for Book- ecping, pun-
éctual paying Bills;<and -thereby maintaining Credit. Cal-
culated for the Inftruction of Inland Tradefmen, and ef-
cially of YOUNG BEGINNE?S. Printed for Chir'es
ivington at the Bib‘e and Crown in St. Paul's Church-
Yard. Price 5s. a ,
7HEREAS a green Parrot did flv away from a Mercer's
W Houle. in Fenchurch-Street, the Sign of the Golden-
Lyon. .againt Lime Street End, on Wednefliay Evening the
rft Inftant: Whoever brings the fit Bird to the Place a-
for:fid,-fhall be handfomely rewarded,

NY fober Perfoa in Years, who is cavable of Jooking _af-
A tera Warehouf:, and can give. Security for his Fidelity,
may hear of conftant Bufinef§: Inquire at Will's Coffce-
Houfe by the 'Royal-Exchange, London.

‘September 11, 1725. ;

HIS isto give Notice, that Judith Frankling, Wif: of

oho Vrankling, tiving in .othernith, ha.heclopd trom
her Husband, his Furni-

*

and.taken with her the beft Part of

ture; thercfore he defireth no Peifon to tiuthe, for he will:

not pay any Debts the fhall contract.

‘OQ be Lett at St. Thomas's, or Lady-Day next, the Faul-
-con-Inn, in Petty Cury, in Cambridge, with or. without
‘the Furniture of the Heufe, to which there lately belong'd
a Club of fifty, or more Gentlemen, that offer to return to
the f.id Inn, if they approve of the Perfon that hires ‘it:
‘Enquire_of fohn Paterfoa in Cambridge, or of Robert Pa-
ter On, ‘Linnen-Draper, at the Black-Lyon in Cornhill;
ondon. ~ -

*," PROPOSALS for printing by Subfcription, Reve-
Fendi admodum in Chrifto Patris, SA MUELIS PARKERI,
Epifcopi non ita pridem Oxonienfis, de Rebus fui Temporis’
Commentaiiorunt Libri Quatuor, .e Codice M. S. ipfins
Authoris manu caftigato, nunc primtim in lucem editi.

This Book contains a great deal of curious Hiftory 2nd
Obfervation, relating not only to the Affairs of Great Bri-

‘tain ‘and Freland, both Fcclefiaftical and Civil, bur of all
Europe, fo far as domeftick Tranfaétions and Events had
_an influence on the Interefts of foreign Courts and Conn-
tries: And it will clearup many Things, in which other mo-
‘dern Hiftorians are either miftaken or defective. It gives
‘the Reader a View of the fecret Motives on which Meafures
were taken by Men of all Denominations ; it his many par-
‘ticular Characters of Men of Note, and def rves to be read
by all ingenuous Perfons that have read anocher late lear-
mcd Prelate’s Hiftory of his own ‘Times. ;

Subfcriptions are taken in by C: Rivington at the Bible
and Crown in St. Panl’s Church-Yard, . Clements, Book-
Teller in Oxford, C. Crownfield, Bookfeller in Cambridge,
JF. Hildyard, Bookfeller in York, J. Waghorn, Bookfeller'in

~Durham, and J. Leake, Bookfeller ‘in Bat

INCTURA NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordial

4 Tincture for the Nerves, being an approved, experienced
rand never-failing Medicament in finking, languifhing, and
downefs of Spirits, Palpitation, or Trembling of the Heart, in
‘all paralitick, foporofe. and convulfive Diftempers, and in all
Affiictions of the Head and Nerves ; it infallibly prevents the
bad FE of ‘Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which occafions

in moft People the above-mentioned Diforders (with many .

more, which yon'll fee at large in the printed Book of Directi-
ons) but yet by taking a few Dropsof this moft pleafant deli-
cate Cordial, in the firft Dith of Coffee or Tea, yott may then

drin« at Liberty ; for this great Medicine penetrates through

the whole nervous: Syftem, ‘and fo recruits the Brain and Pr:

cordia with a full Influx of exutting Spirits, which perform the
Bufinefs of vital Function with freth Alaecrity; and new Brisk-
nefs; fo that the Pulfe, whieh lay feeble and wavering, now
falls a beating vigoroully, and with great Exaétnef$; more-
over, it wonderfully difperies Fear, Sadnefs, confirfed Thoughts,
~[vitchings of the Legs and Arms, difturbed Sleep, and all the
difmal Train -of Vapours and Melancholy. It likewife ftops
Vomiting, puts off. Nanfonfnefs, procnresa good A ite,
‘and is now in great Eftcem amongft Quality of the firft Rank.
Sold only at G. Strahan’s, Rookfeller, at the Golden Ballin

“Comhill over-againftthe Noyal-Exchange, and -at no other -

Place, -Price 2s. 64.

in familiar Letters, directing him in all the feveral Parts |

ver-Trading. 5. Of the ;

uft publithed, ; .

»that Picture in particular

For the Bencht of thofe who aré aifisted with the DROPSY. -

Uguit 2, 1725, about 3 Years
‘the Advértifements of ‘the many and great Cures ofthe
DROPSY per‘onn’d by Mrs. KNFLL of Middle-Stiéer
Cloath-Fair, near Weftfmithficld ; the Gentleman enquir'd
of feveral whom fhe had cur’, and found the fame to be true;
he having the faid Diftemper, apply’d to her, and me, vins
der Gol, madea wonderful Curé oft him in alittle Time. En-
qwtire at the Horfe-Ferry, -in Great Chelfea, of Mr. JOHN.
GUILFOKD, and you may be fatis‘y'd of the Truth hereof;
The two followi ng remarkab'e Cures were alfv very lately
perform’d by thefuid Mrs. KNELL, viz. :
I, Thomas Barron, Si k-Dycr, of Black Swan-Alley, near

fta Gentleman reading in

Queen-Hithe, Thames-Sticet, who, after a great M.xpendc ia |

trying other « emédics, to no Purpose, reccived a perfe=t Cure.
IT. John Stokes, of Lamb-Lanec, in Church-Streer, Green-

wich, reéommended by a Perfon of the fame Town, who was

cur’d by the faid exéellent Remedy, which is te be had only
at the Plats aforefuid.—— N.P. The. dangerous Condition
thefe two Perfons were in, they and feveral of their Neigh-
bours are ready to atteft. -
Juft publith’d, the 2d Fdition of, -

*,* Defiderius ; or, the Original Pilgrims, a Divine Dia-
Jogue. Shewing the moft compendious Way to air ve at the
Love of God. ‘Render'd into Englith, and explain’d with’

«Notes, by Lawrence Howell, A. wm. Printed tor Geo. Stra-

han, at the Goldea Ball over-agiinft the soyal-Exchange
in Cornhill. Whrre miy behad, '

r. The New-Ycar's Gift compleated. In fix Parts. Con-
taining, The Ladies Prenarution to the monthly Sacra-
ment. To which are added, Contemplations on the fev: ral
Stages o° our Saviour’s Life ; with So‘i!oquies on the Gof-
els, and Devotions for feveral Occafions. ‘The 31 Edition,
with Additions. :

2. A. Guide to Eternity: Extracted out of the Writings of
the holy Fathers andancicnt Philofophers. Written in L--
t.n by John Bonz. Tranflated into Englith by Sir Roger
L’Fftrange. The7zt: Edition. __ .

2. The whole Duty of a Chriftian, by Way of Queftion
and Anfwer ; cxaétly purfaant to the Method of the whole
‘Duty of Man, ani defigned for the Ufeo- Charity Schools.
The 6th Edition, corrected by Xohert Nelfon, Efq;

This Day is publithed, No. XV. (for the Mo:.th of Argutt)
of & Work, entituled
_*,* Molern H ftory; 0, The prefent State of all Na-
tions, def ribing :he’r refsective Situations, Perfons, Ha-
bits, Buildings, \:a ner:, Laws and Cuftoms, Religion and
Policy, Arts and Sci.uces, Trades, Manofaétures ani Hus-
bandry, Plants, Animais and Mi.erals. By Mr. S2lmon.
To be continued Monthly in Pamphlets, till the whole is
finithed. Price One Shilling. —_

N. B. 'Th's Pamphlet conciudes the prefent State of pro-
per-India, and contains an Account of’ the Mogul’s Leskar
or Camp; the Indian Manner of making War; their Laws
ani Punithments; the feveral Kéligions and Tribes the In-
dians are divided into, and the State of Chriftianity there ;
their Marriages and Funeral Rites; and treats particularly
of their. Doctrine of Tranfmigration, and thcir Tendernes
for In ects and all kind 0° Animals.

Pri-tel for James Crokatr at the Golden Key near the

Inner Temple-Gate in Flest-Strect; and fold by J. Graves

in St. Janes’s-Strect; J. Jackfon near St. James‘s Houle ;
C. Sing in Weftminfter-Hall; J. Worrall ac the Dove in
Flee -Street ; C. Rivington in St Paul's Church-¥ rd; J.
Bro: herton and G. Strahan in Cornhill; and J. Clark under
the Royal-Excnange. Price rs. :

O" whom are to be hid all the preceding Numbers, or
any fingle one, to compteit Gentlemens Scis, and the Cuts
and Mars for the two firft Volumes accurately drawn by

-Mr. MOLL. °

‘This Day is publifhed,

*,* A Letter froma Parithioner of St. Clement’s Danes,
to :he Right Reverend Father in God, Edmund Lerd. Bithop
of London, occafionei by his Lordthip’s caufing the Picture
over the Altar to be taken down ; with fome Obfervations on
the Uft and Abufe of Church-Painting in general, and of
And he took the Calf which
«¢ te had made, and burnt it in the Fire, and ground it to
*¢ Powde", and ftrowed it unon the Water, and made the
*¢ Child en of Ifracl drink of it, Exod. Ch. xxsii. Ver. z0..”
Sold by J. Roberts in Warwick-Lane, A. Dold without Tem-
ple-Rar, and &. Nutt at the Royal-F.xchange. ‘Price 6d.
W. Rayner, Surgeon, living at the Blue Pofts in Prefton‘s-

Yard, the lower end of the Minories, the Name Rayner and

. golden Ball hanging over the Gate, near LittleTower Hill.
ath a fpeedy and fafe Cure for the Pox or Clap, with all

: hits various Symptoms, by his famous chym‘cal Drink,
being plesfant inTafte, yet effectual in curing that dangerous
Difeafe, which hasbeen the Ruin of Hundreds by falling into
unskilful Hands. I cure (under God) the moft inveterate Pox,
in 3 Weeks at fartheft, as Ulcers in the Throat,- loft Palate,
finking in the Nofe, Phymofis, Paraphymofis, Shankers, pocky
Warts, Buboes, or fwelling inany Part. If your Bo:ly he full.
of Ulcers and Seabs, in afew Days.I re nove all thoft hetéro-

- genousParticles, takingaway all Pains in the Head, Shoulders
: and fhin Bones, fo that this fulubrious Licuor reftores the Body

to perfe :t Health. They that have made Tryal of it wonder

at the Cures it performs. Thofe who have newly got a Clan, ’

may entirely depend onaCure, by taking two or three Dafes
of my venereal Pills or Boluffés, without Hindrance of Bu-
finefs, or it heing known to the nearcft Relation or Be+-
fellow. Ithall not ufe many Invitations, but rather leave
you to:make Experience, which is beyondall Argument. In

a Word, let your Condition be never fo bad, diftraft not, for :
I promife very fair, no Cure ne Money. Ido any thing in ;
Surgery. My Pills and .Bolufles are ufefal for Sea or Land, .

which I have always ready by me. Note, There’sa-Light at
my Door in an Evening. :

_»

"ing the Brouchial

TH Powder which hes met with fue 2 gen-ral Appro-

L bation trom Multitudés of People, aniwerng in all
Refpects filly th: Use of Coff-é, having had a very large.
Demand, the Quantity then imported not being fufficient

-to anfwer the great-Cal}, fo thit many Cuftomer; could nor

be fupplyed, Care is taken, that none for the fiture be
difappointed a large Parcel beng ju& arryed exceeding
fife, and right. flavoured ; ta be halat the firt Houle on
the lefc Hand in Beli Savage-Yard on-Ludgite-Hil', made
up in quarter, half, or whole Pounds, at zs, 6d. ner Pouna..
[is Quality i ¢xtraordiniry, and nezds'‘no Mixture, being

diank entire, and-aonroveld by the mok yiuticious: [t ads 7

to the beft, and mak2s that wach has loft its Flayour per-
fectly ireth. ne
Tobe Lett,

HE Manor Honk, cail’d TurhamHa'l, in the Parfth
‘of Weft-Farley in the County of “ent (within four Mile
0° Maidftone, and 19 of Tunbridge-Wells) conttining 10 of
tweive Rooms on a Floor, ready furnitied, with. three Acres
of Gardening, all p'atted- with the tet and choiceft Fruits,
moft of the Gardening be'ng w2lld in, and planted with

beautiful Greens now in PerieZtioa, tog¢ther with convenience |. -

Stable and Coaci-houfe Room, witha Barn for Hay ani alf
other Conveniences, ani fifteea or tventy Acres of very good.
Pafture and Meadow Ground absut the Houle, and a greater
Quantity. (ff required) as alfo the Roya'ty of the Manor,

and nearthree Miles command of the Fithing on the River °
Medvay, lying before the faii Seat, there teing veral Fith |

Ponds well ftored with Fith, and no Houft in the Country

better funply'd with excellent Water. Enquire of the Rev. - |

Mr. North at Weft-Far'cy atorefuid, or- Mr. Mat. Cocket ar
the Golden Ballin Dean-itrect in Fctter-Lane, and youmay
know further. }

Leétuarium Mirabile:
{_, which infaltibly cures all Legrees and Sym»toms of the
Secret Diftafe, with more Eafe, Speed and Safety, than any
Medicine yet publifh’d; any old Running, &c. though of fe-
veral Years ftanding, whether occafion’d by an over-ftrain,

Weaknefs of the Seminals, or. the eliéts of a former Inteéti-. °

on, ir certainly cur'd in a fhort Time, without a Minute’s
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ufe of Aftringents ; being 2
Medicine fo wonderftlly p'cafant and e2fy in its Operation,
that the niceft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may take it
with De‘ight: Two Pots are generally fiudicient to compleat
a Cure in moft Cafes. To be had onty of the Author Dr. Cam,
a Graduate Phyfician, who has nublified it co Years, and is
conftantly to be advis‘d with at his Hou‘e at the Golden Ball
and Lamp, in Bow Church- Yard in Cheapfide, at balf a Guinea
the Pot. : -

Or, the Admirable EleStuary |

\

pebizateth Myers, Wife of William .
eS Myers, Weever, living in one of ‘the
ten Houtlts in Coveiley’s Fields in'Mile

End New Town, having the Misfortune
to have a Piece of Mortar fall. into my Je't Eye, which oc-

cafioned great Pain and Anguith (notwithftanding we ufed.

fich Means as we were advifed was proper ior the fame) th:
faid left Eye became quite Blind, the S'ght thereof be‘ng
wholly loft, and without any Hopes of ever recovering the
fame ; but being by a Friend diréftei to Mrs. Cater in Ca-
ftle-Court Birchin-Ianc, Cornhil, fhe, at firft Sight, vromi-
fed under God, to bring meto my Sight again, and did per-
form the fame in as thort a Time as could be expected ;
and this I doe that Perfins in my jJate Condition may know
where to apoly for Cure, as well as a grateful Acknowledg-
ment for fo great a Cure. E. MYBEXS.

Note, She cures without any Inftrument ; and fhe infailibly

enres the Ague, without the ‘eaft Grain of Cortex, orthat ©

they call the Jefhits Bark. _ Price five Shillings the Vial. No
Letters received except Poft paid. - a
Againt thee VENEREAL DISEASF.

HE samous Italian BOLUS, has fo great Sucecfs in
the Cure of the Venerceal Difeafe, that not one of the

great Numbers that daily rake i} mifS ofa perfect Cure; and |

tho’ fo very cheap as 2s. 6d. cach, yet four Boiufles rever

fait to root out and carry off the mot malignant, virulent, |

and obftinate kind of the venereal Diie.ie, without Confine-
ment, or making your Cafe known to any; ‘vhich, if it fails
todo, the Money isreturned. Thjs grevt Medicine likewife
deftroys Mercury, and carries it ont of the Rody, and thereby.

relieves thofe unfortunate Perfons who have fallen into bad: °

Hands in former Cures. [s to be had only..ut the Flaming
Sword the Corner of Ruffel-Street, over-againft Will's Coffee-
Houfe, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Place is Coun-
terfeit. . )

LAP:UM. AUSTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Ju-
Jep, which is knewn by many Ycars Experience to be a ne-
ver failing Medicine in old obftinate A fthma's, whofe fuffo-

cating Fit it puts off in a Moment; it gives a perfect Relief
in training laborious Coughs, that are unmercifully trouble-

fome Night and Morning; ‘tis.a moft excellent Remedy for: —

Shortnefs of Breath upon any Motion, and in Breathing with

Difficulty, Straightne{s of the Breaft, with Hoarf-nels and _
| Ww 7 eeds this admirable Juleo, for by opzr-
Wheezing: Netial Duets and Pneumonick Paffiges, it pene-

trates in the inmoft Receffes of the Lungs, and there meeting. -

ith tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Phiegm, {6 aitenuates, .
divides, moves and woiksit, that by coughing and {pitting it
expecterates and throws up all fich matter with the greateft
Eafe and Pleafure, thereby clean‘ing and free :
and Lungs, when ftuffed up and clogged with 2 heavy Load,
fo prevents Confumptions, Ulcers of the Lungs,&e, Ng
Iris a fafe and pleafint Medicine; to be taken by fpogg
-according to the printed.Direttions, without the leaft Cq
ment, or danger of eatching Cold. T'o
Strahan’s at the Golden Ball over again‘ the Royal
Combill and at no other Place. Prieeas. 6d

2
f

ing the Breaft .

be had at Mr. George? ?

4
ar
44
“lo
ee |
eo
-t
74
ga

ie |

 1

~~

This Day is publihed, (the Secon dabcision, with large Ad-
itions of |

*." The City and Country Purchaltr, and BUILDER’s
DICTIONARY y-.07,° The compleat Builder’s Guide.
Shewing the Qualities, Quansitics, Proportions, and Rates
or Value of all Materials felating to 5
beft Method of preparing them. Allo the Cuftoms and Me-
thoi of Me furing of ‘all Artificers Work concerned in
Building; together with‘all the City and Country PRICES,
nt onty of }Vorkmanthip, -but of..Materia’s alfo.- "The
which will be extraordinary ufetul in making of Bargains,
or Contracts betwixt the | :
likewife in c.mputing the Value (or Charge of erecting) of
any Fabrick, greator finall. Likewift the Fxplanation of
the Terns of Art ufed by moft.Werkmen. Together with

Aphorifms, or nee lary Rufes in Buildings, as to Situition, -

Contrivance, Compactnefs, Uniformity, Conveniency, Firm:
nefs, and Form, &c. By <ICHARD NEVE, Philomath.
Printed for D. Browne at the Rlack Swan without Temple-
Bar’; ]- and B. Srrint at the Bell, and'G. Conyers at the
Ring ‘in Little-Britain ; and C. Kivingros at the Bibie in
St. Paul’sChurch-Yard.
Juft_ publifhed . oo
** A PRACTICAL TREATISF: Or, Sccond

Thoughts on the Confequénces of the VENEREAL DIS-
EASE. In three Parts, viz. | On the Simp‘e Gonor-

rheea, Gleets, and other Weakneffes, whether from Venere: .

al Embraces, Self-Pollution, improperly calle} Onanifm,
or Natural Imbecillity. IC On the Virulent Gonorrhea,
or Clap. ILE. On the Vencreal.Lues, o¢ Grand Pox.
Wherrin are plainly fhew'd, the exact Degrees of Differ-
ence, with their Signs, Symptoms, Prognofticks, and Curcs,
in all Cafes; their Beginnings, Progre s, and fatal Periods,
when negiected, or unskilfully managed, and how their ab-
fainte Cure, without Violence or injury, | 1s compleated,
With proper and effeétual Remedies in their feveral Sta-
ges, prefcrited and 1ecommended therein. With fome Re-
marks on that prepoftcrous Way of Venery, with Machines,
&c, and a pain Difcovery of the Dangers (tho’ little exve-
eted) which attend that vile Practice. And many oihcr
ufeful Diftoveries relating to Infections in both Sexes, not
before taken Notice 0% The whole fitted, as we'l for the
Advantage of Paticnts, as young Praétifers. By JOSEPH

~M, M.D. Printed for, and fold by G. Strahan againft
the - oyal-Exchange, W. Mears withont Temple-Bar, C.
King i: Weflminfter-Hall, ‘T. Norris on London-Bridge, J.
Baker over aguinft Hatton-Garden in Holborn, and by the

" ‘Author at his Eloufe act the Golden-Balland Lamp, in Bow-

Church-Ya:d, Cheanfide. Price rs, i,
Where may ve had, his ESSAY on the Rheumatifin and
Gout, &e. His Difcortie on Convulfions. Price cach 6d,
Likewife his rational 2d uf2fni Account on the Venereal
Difeafe, and his Vindication of the Practice of Salivating,
&e, Price cach 1s. a a
The UNIVEKSAL FAMILY, MEDICINE, |
To be taken any Seafon of the Year. It is alfo .
Certain and infallible Cureefor the SCURVY, of the
longeft ftanding, and the moft aggravated Circumftances,
by a Cordial Eiix'r, fo peculiarly adapted to that Dilcafe -in
all its Forms of appearing, from the Slighteft itching Humour

in the Blood, to its utmoft or laft Effyrt on human Nature :

Ie’s not a rugged Purgative that difturbs the Patient in ta-"

king it, but a true Specifick Cordial, that perfectly cures
that Diftemper by gentle Evacuation, by Stool and Urine,
and fo powerfully rectifies the Bloof and Juices, that fcro-

w'ons Cufts are alo fpeedily enved by it: and all Spots,

Ictches, Pimples, &e. on the Skin, are tlickly and entire-
ly taken off. It isa Cordial in the Stomach, removes all Pain
jrom it, helps Digeftion, and is fo partictlarly adapted fo all
Conftitutions, that it is the moft general Family Medicine
that ever was known, to be taken Spring and Fall, to pre-
ferve Health. It hinders no BufinefS or Recreaticn in taking:
it. Itis fold atthe Golden Ball, on Puddlz-Dock Hill near

Ludgate-Street, at 3s. the Bocce, Where good Allowance |

is given by Wholefale to Conatry Shenkeepers, &e. (oncina
City, or Tows) to fell :gain.. The Virections given with It
ar: large and full: The Medicine will kecp nany Years.
The Grand Correétor,” —s.-
Eing 2 peculiar Cephalick- Compound, a Sanff that ef-
feéiually prevents the many bad Effects of yourcommon
fathionable Snuff, by bein mixed and taken with them; a
finall Quantit of this isfufficient, it may be mix’d daily as
you ufé it, and when mix’d, alters net the Colour of your
other Snuffs, but prefervesthem from decaying twice as long
23 otherwife, and alfo gives them an admiratic pleafint Fila-
vour, fo mtch admir’d by Ladies and Gentlemen. oo,
This noble Compofitiens when taken alone (asthe Diresti-
ons fiew) ¢ ears the Paffages of any pent or clogg d up Mat-
ter, occafion’d by taking the common Snuffs, or atherwife,
and is avery extraordinary Remedy for the Head-ach, Tooth-
ach, Deafnefs, Noife and Pains in che Fars 5 alfo all Hn-
mours in the Eyes, DimnefS of Sight, &e._ [t 1s very grate-
ful, and exceeding ufefal to all Sorts of Peop'e ; for it rei-
fes and enlivensall the fenfitive Facultics, and hy its deI*-
étable Odour, makes chearful, :
feétions, removes Sednefs, Drowfincfs and Dulnef, cures the
Vapotrs, thou h of the fongert ftanding, is highly efeein d
and valued by Abundance of Perfons of the beft Rank and
uality, is. mix’d and taken by them for Prevention with
their common } 3
many Months in the Tin Box, and may he carry’d to
sey of the World. Fsfold only at Mr. Alicroft’s Toy-

Part
mep at the Bluecnat Boy againft the Boval-Exchange, and at

Mrs. Giles’s, a Milliner, néxt Hercules Pillars Alley near the:

eremple in Fleet-Street, andna where elfe, at 1s. each Box.

ILDING, with the.

orkmafter and Workman , and.

difpels hynocordriack Difat-.

Snuff. It will prefeive ics Virtue and Fia--

. Greg's Booxfeller at Charing:Crofs.

. This Dayispublifhed,

«© A new Canting Dictionary : -Comprcitending all the
Terms, ancient and modern, uled in the feveral Tribes o
‘Gypfies, Beggars, Shop-lifters, Highwaymen, Foot-Pads, and
all other Clans of Cheats and Villains. Interfosrfed with Pro-
verbs, Phrafes, figurative Speeches, &c. Being a compleat
Colle¢tion of all that has been publihed of that Kind. With
very large Additions of Words never before made pudlick.
Detecting undereach Herd or Order, the feveral. "Tricks or
Pranks made ufe of by Varictsof all Denominations ; and
therefore ufeful for all Sortsof People (efpecially Travellers
and Foreigners) to enible them to fecure th-ir Money, and
preferve their Lives. With a Preiace, giving an Account of
the Griginal, Progrefs, &c., of the Canting Crew 3 and re-
commeiiding Methods tor diminithing thefe Varlets, by bet-
ter Employment of the Pcor. To which is added, A com-
plear Collection of Songs in the Canting Dialeét. Sold by
J. Roberts in. Warwick-Lane; and by the Bookfellers of Lon-
don and Weftm niter. Price 1s. 6d. ftitca‘d, <s. bound.

- «Juftpublifhed,  _
kor the Benefit of young Beginners,

*|* Reading made ecafy, a large Collection of Verfes
out of the Pfalms, and New Teitament, in twa Parts, the
firft being a Colleétion of Verf:s that contain Werds of one
Syllable only. The fecond, Verits hiving no Words above
two Syllables, and printed with a Mark of Divifion berwcen
the Syllables, defigned for the Ufe of young Children in
Charity Schools and others, being the moft proper Bask for
young Beginners, By W. Weald, Mafter of a Free-Schoo!
ut Billericay, in the ‘County of Effex. Printed for S. Fit-
zer ut the Three Bibles in the Mincries, and fold by A. Bet-
telwerth at the Red-Lion in Pater-Noftcr-iow.

Le ; Tobe Letr,

very gooi hunting Seat in good Repairs heing the capi-

‘tal Avefluage, or Ma.or Houfe of Bulferd, in the Coun-
ty of Wilts, fituutcd in a pleafant open Couniry, and fur-
rounded with Bulford, Amesbury, and other Ts:vns, conffting
ot five Rooms on the Ground-Floor, viz. a Kitchen, baht,
ard tivee Parlors, all wainfcotte! , fix wainftorced Cham-
bors; fix Garrets, a good Brewhouf*, and other Out-Offices,
a Coacn-Houic, Stabling fer about twelve Horles, a very
good Pidgzon-Houtt, Garden and Bowling-Green walled in;

‘an Orch :ricf about an Acre, weil p’anted with Frait-Ticcs,

a Me:cow Ground of about two Acies, water’d at Pleafure,
and atx ther :ivtle Ground with the Royalty of Hunting, Fih-
ing and Fowling: It lics one Mile from Amesbury, two
from Stonehenge, three from Tidworth, fix from Ludgarthall,
feven from.“ ausbury, and ten from Andover, to be iett with
or Without the Fidgeon-Houf: and Meadow. Enquire of Myr.
Cornelius Tirrell, Att raey at Lawin Andover, in Tancs’,
or of Mr. John Weeden, Attarney at Law ia Bel-Court,
near A'derigate; London.

WRIEGH T's Diurctick, or cleanfing Tincture. ~
Wich urinally difcharges all the feces or putrid relicks of
the Lues Alamode, or Venereal infection, and caufes
its Concomitants, the wretched Train or that complicated
Diftemper, asa mucous, filthy, fanious Matter lodg ‘din the
Reins, or {permatick Parts, which either caufe a tharpnefs in
the Urine, or too frequently provokesit. This Kelick is
difcoverable, partly by the fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a
Debility or Weaknefs.of the Back, a f<tid nanfeous, and
averting Smell of the Urine, with a purulent Matter, or
fecilent Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or Aying in it, with
Variety of Figuyes, Farther, this Tin:rure efpecially carrics
off all Relicks of the Venereai Difeafe, after tll managed
Cures, not only cleanfing the Urinury Paffages of all Sand,
Gravel, Films, or membraneous Pellicles, &e. but after a
fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftoring them, and
all their genital Parts, to their original Tone and Ufe, thongh
the Mistortune and Decay be of the longeft Date, with an e-
qual Succefs in each Sex. To be had for res. per Bottle, with
Directions tor its Ufe, only athis Houfe, the Golden Head
and two.Lamps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill.

WN) Ciwithitanding the various Amufe-
AN ments that have appeared of late in
Print, and leaft any fhould*miftake, thefe
are tu give Notice, that in the uftial Piice
- in Spittle-Fields, in Crifpin-Street, at the
old Work-houfe and Ware-houfeé, the Sign
Nene of the falf-Moon, arc continued to be
“ae made and fold very good Cand’‘es of all Sis
zes, at reafonable Ratcs ; where every Day conftant Atten-

dance is given, as hath been, is, and will be continued. for .
¢ Price iss s. 4d. per Dozen, and hall

the fame. Note, Th
be deliver’d to any Part of the Town without any further
Charg7s, by me RICHARD CARTER, Tallowchandler.
Great ECLIPSE, o§.the Moon.
oS” ‘ WHEREAS on Sundey in
} the Evening the roth
of Oétober next, 2 bright ref-
plendent Full Moon will be fo
totally disfigured as to appear
very formidable = An cxact
Account of it, with a curious
Draught of the Interpofition
of the Earth and its Atmof-
here between the Rolies of
the Sun and Moon _is.publifh-
ed, and which Rook is Givea

a Ad oa i fe.

, lace withont Temple-Bar: At

in Pope's He:

Han \ Ney, from Cornhill, And’ at Mr.

*

". we

bad oren 2
=

, .. Gratis at the Anoiyne Neck-.
Mr. Jeremiah Pain’s, ie Firft .Toy-fhop onthe Right-.
q

SPECIFICK Tinkture for the TOOTH-ACH,
A all Digerders:and Dete :ts of the Teeth and GACH aad
ver; on: Diop of which gives inftant Eafe in the moft tor- .
menting Pain, and not only takes ic away, in a Moment.”
but abiulutely cures the Tooth-ach, fo as certainly to pre-
vent its Keturn. It abfo.utecly preferves the ‘Teeth from -
growing rotten, and thele thar area little decay'd from ‘be -
coming worfe ; makes the fouleft Teeth as‘white as Ivory
ac once ufng; faltens Ghofe that are loofe, and cures the
Scurvy in the Gums, caufing them to graw tip te the Teeth’:
again to Admiration. It is ncither dif-greeab’e to’ the .
Smell or Tafte, but really preferves the Teeth and Gums“
from ait Manner of . Foulne’, Corruntion, and Putrefacti- ~
on, and may be depeat:d upon to anfwer the Charader here,
given Of it, literally and in every Kefpett: To be had’:
only by thie iu , f Apoointmenty. of the Gentlewoman |
at the ‘Iwo Blue Pofts:in Haydon-Yard j "Mino ar.”
zs. and6d.a Bartle, with hire-tions in the Minories, at.
e Princely LOTEON

HICH beautitesthe Face, Neck, and Hands to the ut.

_ moit Perfection, and is in the greatelt Efteem amore -
Ladies, &c, of the firlt Quality: No Words can flifficien th 7
exprefs its Virtues; ior it is not-Paint to put a falfe and une -
natural Giofs on the Skin, but a tre Remedy, that by its '
Ufe really adds a Luttre to the moft beautiful, by th YJ i
the fine ‘Features of the «ce, and beantifying the Neck an |
Ef inds to the greateft Perfection, and is fo Gf: that it orice
be taken inwardly, It intallibly kills Worms in the Face,
takes away Freckles, Soots, Wrinkles, Pitsor Marts of the
Small-Pox, anda‘ furedly cures any Defetts in the Face. sivir -
2 charming, youthful Luftre, and fine Air to the Featntes, 12
Adiniration. As for fitch Perfons as are of a {warth Chm.
plexion, or troubled with any difagrceable Rednets, Roawh.
nefi, Morphew, Heats, or the like, it is notto be paral] 3 ;
Fer .t immetiately fmooths, clears, plumps, nourith c d
whitens the Skin to the laft Degree ; and makes thos Per
fons who before look‘d hagged an+ old, to look young, be vl
tif and fair; and, in fhore, it far exceeds any Thin chat
was crer yet known, or male publick, for clearing andheaan
tifying the Skin. PS es only at Mr. Ward's Toythop at the :

eacock next the Swan Tavern, againkc! )
in Cornbill, at 3s, a B ttle, gaink the Royal. Exchange

. B. Mr. Ward, by my Order, gives t
Country Shopkeepers, &c. that fend for it by the Dome riee
1eidy Money) to fe.lcgtin: It will keep twice feven Years: ~
and gives uaiverfal Satisfaction. It is a late acquir'd Sec .
known to none but the Author thereof: , ae oe

HE wonder uw! Elixir for the PALSY, famone }
Parts of Europe, ant now recommended by the very bf

' Pnyficians, as tne moft in‘allible Meedicine in the

for thac Diftaft ; for it abfoluteiy cures the P ia
a@ Miracle, be it ever fo bad, univer fal, or af vain af to
ftanding, and that after all other Remeties have provedin-
effectual, rendring thofe afflicted with it perfectly healthy, -
firong and vigorous. It momentarily warms, comforts a
ftrengthens the inteeblet Nerves, and whole nervous $: ,
revives the Fore: and priftine Vigour of the Sin Ten- ..
dons and Ligaments, fortifies and inereafes the aninial Spi- v
rits, opens all Obf&truétions that hinder their free FE to
invigorate the weaken‘d Parts, and immediately takes away
all Numbnefs, Deadncefs, Shtking or Trembling, to Admira--
tion, anickly reftoring the true and fteady Ue of the Limbs,.
ant affaredly curing the Palfy, and all its concomitant Symn- -
toms, in a very fhort Time, as Thoufands have experienced
All other Indifpofitions of the Nerves it c:rtainly cures, and
is neither difigreeable to take, nor occafions the leaft Trou-
ble or Diforder.. Is to be had only at W. Bell's a. Bookfeller
at the Crofs-Keys and Bib!e near the Royal Exchange in
Cornhill, at 3s. 6d. a Bottle, 2 with Direchons.
aS the ARY WATER WARE.
ey Se HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Comb..
2. | 2 Comb-Makers, the Corner of Reli-Savage-
. ¥ Inn on Ludgate-Hill, is fold right French.
exeya, jf Hungary Water, being the fame Sort fold
ey faa 9% | jeveral ¥cars paft, and is cally diftinguifthed®
ep. * KS om the pernicious counterfeit Sort fold a-
| Pore ¥ bone the Trowa. ctended sorte
trom Montpelier, &e. CLikewife the following foreign Com»-
modities are fold at the fame Place, viz. :
povighe French Hungary Watcr, at 1s 3d: the Half-Pine®
Fime Florence Oil, at as. per Ffask. |
Right Irith Ufquebaugh, at 2s. the Flal&pint Bottle. -
Fine Orange-Vlower Water, at 13 6d. pér Flask.
Right Barbadoes Citron Water, at 1458. per Quart. -'
Right French Claret at 30s. per Dozen. =.
Aji Sorts of Leghorn and Bermuda Hatts for Ladies: ,
N. B. There is a Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Flask, to” _
prevent Counterfeits. ; . ,
HF famous Golden ESSENCE {or the Hair of the Head
and Pertiwigs, being the moft cherming Perfume in
Nature, and the greateft Preferver of Hair in the World 5°
for it caufes that of Perriwigs to retain its Beauty, Strength
and Curl as long agiin as ufual, and certainly keeps fir
Gair from changing Colour, makes Halr of the Head of
Ladies, and others, become incomparably fine andhandfome,
and immediately caufes it to grow thick to Admiration,cven
uponPtaces that are bald by its thedding. It affuredly changes ©
red Hair to afine pale Colour, and by its delicious Fragancy
enliyens all the animal Faculties to a Miracle it allo per-
times Handkerchiets excelticntly, and is now exceedingly e-
fteemed by the prime Quality of both Sexes. Te be hadonly | ~
at Mr. Radford's Toyfhon,: at the Rofe and Crown againit:
St. Clement's Chnreh-Yard in the Strand, near Atnhdel-

| Street End. Pricezs. and 61.2 Bottle with Direstieas.-

. #

to be imported?
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 11 Sept. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786171/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 