=

. ing few, who have the true Relifo of the Waggon,

a
.

y ; va

= wo - =e

; . _ Z ¢ a e ad /-_ + ,

~ . et ‘ . 3 .

* a i

» 00 ‘ . ° “es 2 “Ba
‘ * of . - *,
- . ‘ . °
- - ° cise oon » -* '* wd bd so @ ¢, -- . >. .-
. - mtg P

a
~~m .

MeitgeemA M afraid there is too much
“Truth in your Paper of the. 18th
-of Sepreraber, wheréin you hand-
fomely

nS : "fy
i". ys + ¢
ap ‘Laat va , es
pe LS Wah ye aD)
4 - eth he ee + el
AF eee « ms 0 eee ee ee

you, that all of us are not tainted

2with the fame_
‘been a-great Traveller in my Time, m my own
‘as well as foreign Countries, here fend you fome
Amportant- Obfervations that I have made in the fe-
veral Stages of my Lifc, and by your Means I

‘pow conyey them to my dear Countrymen for their

vniverfal Behoof. -

M ent Paper fhall be conlin'd to domeftick
mraceltives and I content my felf at. this Time io |

‘offering a few Remarks on the Vebicles ‘and -Conve-

‘niences, as alfo onthe Garb, or Drefs, moft fuitable |.

to Travel in, with a Memento or: two in: Relation“ }"Horfe rather than rhe Coach or Waggon ; but be-

‘to our Cendu&, as well.on the Road as in-our Inos,
not forgetting fome neceffary Hints touchitig thofe
‘two prand Articles and chief Supporters of Travelling,
viz. good Eating and Drinking. Do -

_ J obferve then, that in this. my native Coun-
try, Travelling is ufunHy performed in Coaches,
‘in Waggont, or on Horfeback. On which feveral Con-

veniences I will now give you afew of my Re-_

smearks, as briefly as-may be.

~ | mmuft own a Coach and Six to be a@ very conrmo-
‘dions Vebicle, and a pretty Convenience for Tra-
velling; I. know a great many are very fond
of it, bar it, dogs not {cem to be defigned for e-
pery.Confitat'on: Thereare but few, a.very few,
who can well bear this Way of Travelling; I am
apt to think too; that it isnot the mof falutary
Way; for a conftant Lolling. backwards mutt ine-
vitably over-heat the Reins, on which Account,

and for fome other weighty Reafons, I feldom |

’ "Phe Conch and Four, the Chariot, and thetbai/e, |

a)

.

ome under the fame Clafs, tho’ in an i fia
‘Deerce, and.therefore I fhall fay nothing of site

Fat! or) co? oer y, %
Me dic kice thee

Stage-Coaches are fo mach my Averfion, ‘that I
can hardly bear the naming of them: - Inia!

But the Waggon, the hieh-arch’d Waggon, cay a
not be fo curforily paft over; grave and {cdate |
in its Motion; delightfnl im. the Frefhnefs 6. its:

Straw, and its Variety. of Companions: I always

enter into it as into a moving Affembly, where the

ecay’d Gentlewoman, the blooming freth tolour-
ed Country Girl, the Brandy fac’d Lady, and a

indred other Contraricties are jumbled toge-
ther, and furnifh me with a‘Sett of Contempia.
Lions’ much of a Piete with thofe,-which one of
tay Anceftors had of old on the Sight of his med-
ty Companions inthe Ark: But the Number be-

and Bill ‘fewer who fit eafy ina Coach and Six, [
_Ghoofe now ro treat of the Padd or: Rotter. - 5
va gvace, in his 6th Sermon, Book -1.. feems to
place ‘a grear deal of Pleafure in his Padd. (tho
of the Maje-kind) and tells us, he is.xs happy as
fa King, when he beftrides him with, bjs Bags

*strufs'd wp bebind, and thus takes a Fourney evento

Tavertum. With Submifiion ro the Poltrenefs of ’

his Taft in other Things, I think a Servant qvith

4 Cloak. Bag a much more eligible Way of. Tra- .

veljing ;. and my Opinion is ftrengthen’d by the
-Pra&ice of the able? Itinerants of. this Age, who

- feem to take ‘more Delight in beholding’ their

4 .
1

Saturday,

Pid BO Rebuke the Sapinefs of -our |
Homes wodern’ Travellevs; but, to fhew -

lethargick Incuriofty, 1, who have —

‘

forays .- ee ers . ran ae le

Cloak-Bags behind their Servants, than in placing

them fo near their own Perfons.

_ Whether he mentions this Way of. Travelling
as his real Sentiments, or only in the Vein and Stile
of. Poet. (whom we feldom fee over-crowded with
Attendants) is not very Macerial; it ferves, how-

ever to fhew, shat the Anciexts approv'd mightily

of Fourneying on Horfehack: And if any Perfons.
doubt whether the Moderns have not the fame
kind Inclinations to Riding, I here take the Liber-
ty to invite them fo one of Mr. Lego’s Fore-
Rooms at the Swan at Totenbam-Cyrofs, any Satur-
day, where, befides a very good Entertainment,
they will have occular Demonftration,; what Re- -
fard is paid to Equitation by the famous Metropo-

is of Great Britain.
|. From what I have already faid,
fer, thac I-would have the Traveller ufe the

fore I fiffer him to jet forwards, permit me to
Idy down an Admonition or two, ia Relation to
his Garb, and principally as to the Glour of it.

I therefore, in‘fhort, recommend to him above
all Things, @ Red Coat, or’ at lcaft a Blase Coat
trimm’'d with Gold; 1 mean the clofe-body‘d, not
the Horfeman’s Coar; but TL. infift moftly on the
Red, and that on.a three-fold Account. — :

And firft, Ido it on a Religious One, as it pre-
vents a great deal of idle Curfing and Swearing.
Chamberlains, Oftiers, and thers, obey the fr
Word of Command from a Red Coat, whet a Gen-
tleman in any other Colour may fwear his Eyes
out, e're he can gera clean pair of Sheets, or his
Horfe rubb’d down. 7

And fecondly, I
is a never failing Frocurer of Honour and Refpect to
the Weaver, When you are addrefs‘d toin your Red,
‘Hs your’ Honour, at every Word ; as indced it fel-

Biue ; on.a Suppofition without doubt, that even
4: the laff Coat ought to contain nothi g lefs thana
;Juftice. of Peace, if not a High Sheriff, or fome

Bands. . |
Phe third Advantage from a Red coat is, that it

Inns are now a Days grown a Barthen to Travelers,

by a Red Coat. I have known the perteft Cham-
‘bermaid and the furlieft Oftler fhew as much
Outward Satisfaction at the Sight of a Sixpence from
a Red Coat, as they have done ar Half a Crown
from any other Colour.. I fay -Ontward, becaufe
I am inelinable to think there is fome coafiderdble
Difference .in their Inward Foy. |
It is now’ hig time to imagine the Traveller
to be fully equipt and on his Road ; where it may
not be amifs to remind him that he has it now in
his Power to-fhew a great deal of good: Breeding;
which confifts only in giving the Road, when any
one.meets him. This Obfervation is fo univerfal-
ly approv’d of, that “tis now become a Proverb ;
and when we refolve.to gratify any one to the ut
moft of his Defires, we do it effe&tually, when we
give bim bis own way. See :
When the Trayeller alights at his Inn, “ris very
natural for him to think of fomething to eat. But
becaufe the generality of the Larders on the Road

peradventure a Fowl or two, .the oting Traveller
will find it dificult how ta gondud urig

~

. ~ le ° - ,
? é / " . e ait @ .
bs « wie th “ we . tim: rf ~ s' = ee of . «
ad . . . . sa . +o

ou miay in-

recommend a Red Coat as it.
dom is lefsthan your Worfip, when in your trimm'd

preat Officer of his Majefty’s Worfhipful Train’d-

fades a great deal of Mony. Servants in Publick

the Weight of which is in fome Degrce taken off
on the .

| Readers what-Recéftion is to:be met with at

contain nothing. more than-a bit of Marton,’ or

‘

‘4

a Cafe. Iwill cell him my Way, and leave hin
to follow or reje@ It, as he oleate. cine
«+ My Method then is, to forbear laying ope

Cmore than needs.muft) che Poverty. of the Inn,
by asking unneceffary. Queftions abour Patridges,
wild Ducks and Carps; for after naming twenty
different Delicacies; the Enquiry ufually ends in
& Neck of Mutton and Broth. -So that without. more
ado, I at once: pitch on-a piece: of Murton and
Fowls ; and by a peculiar Art, which I have at-
tain'd, of making. my felf-ealy under all Circum-
tances, I fo far diverfify my Muttor and Fools, that
I have at every Stage futhicienr Variety and dif
ferent Difhes. ‘ For inftance, in one of my lare
Excurfions Weftward, I had at St
Neck of Mutton and Broth:

Harfo rd-Bridge, } B re of Fowls roafted.
ndovey. —«-& -Boil’d Fowls and Bacon; Nec
Andover, of Mutton roafted, Necla
Blandford, 3 Boil'd Neck of Mutton arid:Pota-.
, ‘toes ; couple of Fowls droil'd,

oy Couple of Fowls fricafly’d:: Nee

Thee 3 hav Mutton in Steaks, Mek
us i Could have rung Chéapes on my Neck. of —

Mutton and Fowls,. to thePunes End ett
Exeter interpos’d, and kindlyxi Sal'd'me with Fit.
Wild Fowl, ‘and an extalientSiGlgin of Beef

But as Eating without’ Drinking QAM never farioly
a Traveller, I thal! clofe..niyeprefear. Remarks
with a brief Obfervation ‘or two.eh tiguid;; asd
principally on Claret; whieh-I: always behold
with a vait deal of Pleafure, and ‘thkéto bea very
delightful wholefome Beverage. . And from ny
own Experience I recomme .

ond it to allimy: Bie-.

ther Travellers, as the‘bef-Allayer of Thive. the
beft Reftorer of decay‘d stirite the Then Teen
tive to Joy and Gladnéfs ; and a@ rever-failing
Procurer ‘of: Reft and Sleep, when taken Jn’ dae
Dofes, and often repeated, aes

Port makes a Man heavy, and confequently. is
very improper fora Traveller, © ¢ °° ° 7

I often ‘receive t-Comfort from a Tankard of
well breto'd Beer ; this is chiefly by way of Change
and Soiling, it will not do for a Conftancy.

Cyder likewifé-is what I now and. then delighe
to take a Glafs of; bur.ever: finde that curious
Prier into Nature, and my very good Friend, Bész
Frett, hasin a wry learned Boilie ‘inform‘d -me
ofthe many bad Effefts this Searching-Liguor has
¢s, thd Voice, Limbs, G-cP 1 dare not
be too buly with it, © rs
I have a great deal more:to offer, in Relation -
to Atring of Sheets, Choice: of. Beds, :'Tricks and.
Roguerys of Oftlers, rc. But will not coo much:
anticipate a regular’ Treatife, ‘which I have nov
in hand on the Subje@ of Travelling ; and which
is to bear the 'Fitlé of The present State of Travel-
ling, and of ak the. Inns in Gréat Britain. In‘ this
Book I-fhall be under a Necefiity of informing my
ey
Inn, &c. confequenrly of giving it a good orb
Chara&er. I fhall therefore expe& to be gaaieet
to in the moft feeling manner, by all tha@tBipmabay

ders of Gréat Britain, who defire, my (yee

Report. For tho’ no Bribes or Rewaitey
nake me deviate from Truth, yet Trut}ieonae
as afl Things elf) has two Handles; angiae

it in my Power ro'lay bold of which I play

Yours,
 FOREIGN AEBEFAYRS.

We are advifed from Warfaw, that norwithftan- -

‘ ding allthe Conferences held there, neither the

King nor the Sena.ccou’d yet be broughr to con-
fert to give Mr. Finch a publick Audience, who

_in Regard to the Affronr fome time firce. offer'd

his Churacter, canuot enter uvon avy Bulinefs, cilk
this Point be granted. It is alfo faid, that the

Counts Wratiflau and Fleming bad propofed fome

Expedientsto the faid Mir. Finch to make up that
Athir withour an Audicnce, but thefe. Expedi-

nts could not beffubmicted to by him. Morteur

‘Cog, the late Polith Minifter at Hanover, ‘is re-
turn’d, and has given the Court.an Account of his
Negotiations there. -It is-alfo faid, that a Proje&
was form'd by ccrtain Minifters in-Poland, for
burying the whole Affair of Thorn in eternal Ob-
livion ; upon the Foct of which all the Churches
and Schools taken away from the Pro:eftants,
were to be reftored them, but thar it was much
-doubred whether the Pules would -confent toit; fo
that upon thg whole they might as well have told
ws nothing. In.che meat ti ne the Praffian Mi-
nifter gives in frequent Memorials, inftcad of an-

fwerirg which, the Court fends Expreffes to their

._Minifter in Proffia;to prefent Memorials alfo con-
taining Complainis againft that Court, for order-
ing their Offteers. to make Levies in fonie of the

Palatinates belor-ging to Poland, fo that ie is but

" of Thorn.—-Therews no Anfwer yet given te the.

‘Memorial for Meitiorial, and neither fignify any
thing towards ‘accommodating the Affair in Dif-
pute: Te is: alfoadyfed, thar another Marifefto
js ready to come.out in=Poland, the Defign of
which is the fume -with the former, viz. ro juttify
the whole Proceedirgs in Relntion to the Affairs

Memorial of King Staniflaus which was laid be-

- fpre the Senate, Primate, and Grandees: of Po-

Jand: Ie isan Affair which is likely to puzzle

' them very much, foc this Prince infifts upon the

Revenues of his whole Eftate, nor only fur the
furure, but even the Arr ars: duc fince his quit-

ting Poland, and which were feiz'd ard confifca-

ted without any Pretence of Right, he being ac-

- -knowledg'd as King, by King Augiftus himéelf :
_At the fametime it is thought that this Prince
‘will receive but a bad Account of his Rents -paft,

and it will be difficule to. draw them out of a
firong Hand. ° a
- "They -write from Madrid,. that the Ceremony

of the double Efpoufals betwixt the Prince of A-

both Roman and Modern Habits ; one for Heed °
” and Mariamne, and the other for Sane Gray, which

‘

fturias and Infanta of Portugal, and the Prince of
Brazil with the Infanta of Spain, was perform’d
at the Efcurial with very great Magnificence in
the Prefencé of the Ambaifador of Portugal, and
all che Grandees of Spain, 2 _

. Dublin, New. 1. On. Friday laff dy’d Charles
Campbell, Efq; Member of Parliantent for New-
ton, in the County of-Down, at his Houfe in Capel
Street; having left a good Eftate and 3001. per
Ann. to his Wife. The fame Night Sig-
nior Benedetti perform'’d, bur the Lord Lieure-
nant and Lady- Carteret not being there, he
had. nor {0 good an Andience as Madam. Strra-~
diotie. The Gentlemen ef the Theatre

here, have provided two Setts of new Drefles,

they ated lately, and hope to ‘find Encourage-
ment from his Excellency and Lady.—<‘Fhe
Prince’s Birth-Day was obferv'd with. the utmoft
Magnificence at_the- Caftle, there being near
200 Suits made for it. - Mr. Broughton

fers our next Week to carry over the Money Bills.

co the Lords Juftices.

Edinburgh, Nov. 6. Some Gentlemen of Fi-
sure here having incurr'd the Difpleafure of the
Kick Elders, are. like to fall under their Cen-

having fix Pa

‘

‘fure; and ‘tis talk’d thet they demanded of a.

great Man how oft he had been at Kirk fince his
Arrival.
of Mathematicks in the Univerfity of new A-
berdeen, and Fellow of the Royal Society, was
on Wednefday ele&ed, and the next Day admit-
ted Conjun& Profeffor of the Mathematicks with
Mr... James Gregory in the Univerfity of Edin-
burgh.-——We hear thac the Lurd Lovat has had
an ugly Fall from‘his Horfe at Invernefs.
LOND O'N, November 13. .
Letters from other Parts advife as follow.

. From Norwich, That the 5th of November was
obferv‘d there with the burning feyeral Effizies,
amorg which were his Holinefs, Guy Faux, &c.
and that the Honourable, as i¢ zs calf’d, Artillery
Company arrended to fée the Execution donc. _

From Ipfwich, That on the 5th Inftant the Ho-

‘nourable Price Devtreux and his Lady were

robb’d going from,.hence to their Seat at Sudborn,
at a linle Diftance, by 2 Highwaymen; they were
purfued with an Hueand Cry,and taken before they
got out of the County, and brought nex: Da
to this Goal: One of them was upon an Horfe
taken from Mr. Devereux’s Man, and he, fired 2
Piftol at che Conftable, and wounded him with a
Knife before hey could mafter him ; ‘:¢ proves
atWenear Cliclmsford in Effex, a:d is
smf Age, and went by the Nance of
d 2 Brace of Piftuls a::d «a Vizor
Mask upon him.
From Goventry of the 8th, That the Night be-
fore, and thac Morning, they had fuch a Shower
of Rain as had. not been known there for many
Years, which did. confideruble Damage io: divers

Traders ;-the-Ground.Floers in feveral Strects be-.

ing foated, and the?Inhabitants cbliged to take
to the upper Rooms.
writin a Fright, perhaps ic may leffen on .our
Hands, therefore I would cautioi the weekly Nib-
bers at the Articles in this Paper not to be roo
hafty with it as they have with fome other Things,
it appears they knew nothing of.

From Keeton in TorkPire, Thata Black belong-

ing to the Right Han. the Marquifs of Carmar-
then, was bapriz’d at his Lordfhip’s Seat there

laft Sunday ; the-Lord and Lady ftanding Sureric Rete

with two others.
From Derby, That

Exerer were come thither wiih great Splendogs:

and they expe a great Affembly there Mxt
Week on thar Account. ae

Mr. Colin ‘Mac Laurin, Profeffor.

But this Account . being”

. . . -< § Ee
the Earl and Counteg of: “ait

7

fhip of Jefus Colledge was fill'd up by Ele@tion,.
and Intereft was ufing for another Vacancy in ‘the
fame Colledge, which is‘in the Nomination of the
Crown. Oo Co , .
__ From _ Cirencefter, That Mrs. Cambridge dy'd”
larcly.of an Appoplexy. — oo,

r. Shurtleworth’s Houfe being burnt at. Rich=.”
mond in Yorkfhire, and his Lady dead, is goné‘to,’
his Seat in Lancafhire. ee

The Earl of Orford is.ill of the Gout at Chip-”
penham, Cambridgfhire ; Sir William Wyndham *:
und the late Lord Bolingbroke, have been.-prét-)
ty much indifpofed, but are on the mending
Hand: ! :

Lofd Vifcount Bateman, Sir Thomas Saun-—
derfon, Robert Hucks,. E{q; are arrived in Town.
from Bath.——-Sir John Rufhout from Gloucefter.
——Earl of Coventry from Cromb. —~ Earl of
Claresidgn from his Sear in Oxfordthire. —~ Lord
Trevor at Peckham from Bedfordhhire. Earl |
of Berkley to his Houfe in Piccadilly.——Franeis
Willoughby. eldeft-Som-of Lord Middleton from:

‘his Sear-near Nottingham -with his Lady.~—The_
_Butchefs of Devonthire, and her Grace’s Daughter
_the:Lady of Sir Will. Morgan of Tredegar, from

' Chetfworth in Darby thire. a

Sir John Norris goés on board the Squadron’ |
next Weck to convoy his Majefty ro England. ,
Deaths and Cafuaities. Sir Benjamin Marwood
tm Yorkfhire, aged 90. -——-The Honourable Cha. |
Egerrcn, was at the Play on Saturday Night, an® _
about Four nex: Morning was taken with a Pal-
pi acion at Hearr, and dy’d before-the Phyfician |
could be broughr. —— Sir Richard Shertleworth’s
Lady in Yorkthire, » The Lady Elizabeth,
Reli& of the late Lord Barnard, Sifter. tothelae
Duke of Newcuftle. Two Men dropt down |

dead fuddenly. A Thread-Throwfter in
Horfly-Down hang’d himfelf. oe .
Our Merchan:s are in Pain for the Falkland:
Man of War, Captain¢Harris,.who came from;
Jamaica the 3d of Auguft laft, there being no |
News of her, the Fleer.ic wes to convoy being’ |
arrived at theig’ feveral Ports, except the Hefter:
which was loft." , ,. | a . &£
] ....;Wethave Advice from New-England, That om
Zeeupiesd of July, a‘French Sloop mecring with: a
Bonen Pyrate of 12 Guns, commanded by: one
ie qught him from Morniug to Night, buc |
‘Binding thé Rogues Jilkely ro be roo hard for him,
went off to the Iffand of St. Thomas, : recruited
xf with 30 Englifhmen,and after two Days Cruize re—

~ . ote -

From Bury, That the Hon. Mifs Ann Herveys |‘ newed theEngagcment,with fo much Bravery,that

was fhortly to be married to Mr: Lee. os
From Bath, Nov. ro. That the Gentry ‘that

came thither chiefly for their Diverfions were-

gone, or going, few being left befides fuch as will
fay the Winter: The Earl of Orkney is gone
to his Seat in Berkthire ; Earl of Ayls
Packingron near Coventry; Henry
to Billingbear., One. Mrs. Walter having been
there without any Benefit, is departed to her long
Home. The Newtons ard the Moretons, the
head Toafts are zune; a young Baronet declaring
for one of the laft nam‘d, has been more than
once at Woodchelter Park. —
_. From Newbury, 'That a Coach and fx Horfes
ffen ers on Board, was calt away in
a dangerous Slough of Water.and Mudd, but af-

‘eer about an Hours working at the Wheels, the
‘Coach. was pot‘ro Ri

. ts, and the Paffengers all
faved, fo they purft
very little Damage, befides dirting-their Cloaths.

_ From Windfor, That Sir James: Harrington,

Bart. 2.Géhtieman of about 3000 I.. per Annum,

wis lately mérry’d to a young Lady of .a confide- -

rable Fortune:

From Oxferd, That lak Week.a;vacant Fellow:

ford to
Grey, Efg,; |

their: Voyage to Bath with

. f’ the Pyrates cry’d for Quarters, which they how-

éyer refufed, becaufe tney had heard that they

‘never gave any themfelves. In fhort, the Pyrates
efcap'd Deftruétion by fome Powder taking Fire
aboard the Frenchman, which did him great Da-
mage; above half the Pyrates were killed and
wotnded. _

The Reverend Mr. Thomas Crooke was lately
prefented to the Vicaridge of Eccles in Lanca-

‘fhire. , F

The Rev. Mr. Hopfon who was Parfon of Et-
tham in the Ofurper Cromwell’s Reign, and con-
tinued fo ever fince, dy’dTdtely.

'. The John and Wiliia n,Capr. Charles Eafterby,
bound from Stoeckrun to London, was loft 9 Miles
South off Stockron. Pe |

South-Sea Stock is 122. 5 Sths.. Bank 1338.

-halfi -India't7o 1 half. African 16 5 8this. | :™

‘Ta Morrow there will be taro Charity Sermons preache
ed at St. Mary Magdalen's Church in Clad Fip-fireet, —
in Bebalf of the Charity Children in the Ward of Caftle
Baynard ; that in the Morning by the Right Reverend —
Father in God Edmuvid;< Lord Bifoop ef London, and tw °

the Afternoon by the Reverend Mr. Thorold, Rettor of

St, Martin's Ludgate. |
 n a TF

t., web wa an . 7 we ~' ¢ ee ‘s tty te
sank - Jat publifhed, © 3. epee af HE Powder which has met. with fich a general Arprog “4e-
wae The COMPLE rE ENGLISH (TRADESMAN, in T bation from Multitudes af *Pedple, antwetitng ean Bite
familiar Ketters, direting him ia all the feyeral Parts a Refpects fully the Lyfe of Coffee; having had a-véry large ,”.
Progreifions of 1 RAOES, viz. 1. His aequainting himfelf | Demand; the Quantity.then imporged not being fumicicnt
. with Bufinelg during bis Apprenticehh p, =. His writing to | to anfwer the gen Call, fo that midny Cuftomers could Mt” .
his Goiiefpondents, .:.dd abtaining a gencral Knowledge of | be fupplyed, Care is taken, that noge for the fiturc be |
‘Tride, as -vell-what hé is not, ts wait i is employ'd in. difappointed a large Parcel being juft airived excceding
3, Of Diligence and Application, as the - jie oF all BuinefS. |. fine, and right flavoured 5 to be Bad atthe firft Houfé: om

4.C utions again )ver- Crading _§. Of the ordinary Occafi- | the-left Hand in Beli-Savage-Yard on Ludg tts-Hil!, made
Tpo early marrying. {Innocent Diverfions.—-Giving | Lis Quality is extraotdinary, and needs no Mi ae being
and taking too omc Ka a , _gaving Bumefs to Ser- | drank entire, and approved by the mott Gudicious: Tt adte
vams.—seing above bulinets——Entering into dingcreus 1 <
artnerthips, ore. i Dir-ctions in ‘the feverat Diftre *s ot fe Hy beft, and makes that wh.ch has lolt its Flayour pet.
2 Fradefnan when he coines to fil 7. OF men com- : , ‘sat al | oa
P un ‘ing with their Debtors, and why théy, are fo particn- I N the Daily.J outn:l of the rer of Sente mber laft are the.
uty fevere.. 8. Uf Tradetinen ruining on& :nother by Ru- |} ;: follow.ng fate reflec ng, and feindalous Exvreflions of
mont andSe:ndal. 9. Or Credit, 214 how i. is only fuppor- his Grace the Duke of Leeds (to wit) Mrs. Moreton, com-
ted by Honefty. 1. Directions tor Book-Keeping, punctual monly Called Dutchefs of Leeds, died 1 .tely at Greenw.ch; _
paying Bii.s, and thereby maincainiug Credit. Caleutated and lis Grace the Duke of Lee ls is gone into Deep Mourning
tor the Initrnction of Inland Tr:ietinen, ond efpecially of for her, by Means where sf gre.t D.fturbances have arifea
YOUNG BEGI'<EKS. Printed 19: Charies Rivingcon‘at | in his faid Grace's noble Famt'y; and inorder: to deter
the sible and C:own in Sz. Paul’sCice.-Yard. Pre ss. | ot.ets from printing oy puolithing the like feand:Ious and

‘this ay cs pubilhed, | reflecting Expreffions for the future: “41s Grace h.s commen-

* *® The Induence of Chure. Musick. .4 Sermon preach'd | ced an Action of Scaidajum Magnatum gaint the Publifhs
in the Cathed'al Chureh of W orcefter, ferciord, and Glou- | & of the fail Journal, and has cured hin to be arreftel, and
ecite:; Sept. 8 4725, and publimn'd at their joint ~equett. | defgnsto prefeciite him wi-h the utmoft Severizy.

ADVERTISEMENTS.
oo), A Gentleman wants, viz, oe
_ « Heufe unturnith'd, tor afinall Family, with dn Orchard- -
A Garden, about £0 or 20.Miles of London, in Middle!=x,
or Surry. Propofals to be. left for Mr. C. L. at Peel's Cot
fee-Houfe in Fleet-Street. . . oe,
HIS is to aéquaint the Publick thatthe beft Tallow
A , Candies, not interior to any, are. fold. ac 5 3. 2 d. pe
Dozen, by Allen Cowper, at th: Sign o” the Tallow Chand;
r agal f White-Chippel Church, and by Tho. Rolofon at
Hite-Chappel Bars. N.B. Forready Money. -

RITHMETICK,. ALGEBRA. GEOMETRY and
A TRIGONOMETRY algebraickly demonftrated ; NA-
VIGATION, both in Theory and Practice, ASTRUNO-
MY, DIALLING, MENSURATION cf Sunerficies aad
Sullies applied to SURVEYIN i, GAUGING, meafiring
Timber and "Tradefinens Works; MERCHANTS A
COMPTS, after the beft Method; PROJECTION of the
SPHERE on any Plans calcula: ing F.CLIPSES ; UOfe of
Inftruments, carefully caught in Adam s-Courc, f road-Street,
near the Royal-Exch inge. By Tho. Brown, ormerly w..r-
ranted School-Mafter in the Ruyal Navy; he has Charts,
Globes, Hemifoheret, and Survey.ng Inftruments forthe

Schoo’. Seehis Papers at the Entrance of the Court, andon

the Royal-Exchange. ,

To be SOLD, o— a By George Lavington, i. 1...B. Canon oc the Chutch of “Nest Week will be publlijn’d (indicated to his Excellency
ion of Fl iz. . | Wereciter. Printed tor James and: John Xnanton, at the: the LordCatterer,): Z
A Tips, Enemonies Ranuewius, ni feveral other Sorts of Crown ia Sc. Paw’s Chure.- Yard 5 ae Samuel Mourttorc *,* The fecond Volume of D. Gavin's Mafter-Key to Pos -
Flower Roots, By Nath. Powell, Seeifinan, atche King’s-| Bokffller in Worcefter. Price 6d. Where muy be had the » in two Parts, containing; tft: The Lives and Tranf

Nature and Ule of a ‘Tyve, .being the Subitance of two Ser- aétions of the Popes, or Bithops of ‘ome, their Doctrineand |.
mons, predc)d in the Cathedra’ Church of -Vorcefter. By | Authority, &c. zdfy, Fhe Lives and abominable Intrigues
George Laving on, L. L. 8. Canon 9: tae ‘aid Courch. With | 0° Several Priefts ane Fryers of the Church of Rome. Pri
a Pret ce concerning a late Tr aef:, Intitied, a Difcourfe | ted tor J. Scephens at the Rible ia Butcher-Row, near St. .
of the Grounds and -Aeafors of th: Chriitian Religion. | Clement’s Chutch Ip the Streni, and fold by A. Bettefworth,
Price 1s. ; 1. Osborn, and 'T.:‘Longman in Pater-Nofter-Ro-v, and the
| This Day is publith'd, , Bookfe'lerg of London and Weftminftet. Where may be had,

*,* Two Letters to 4 very Eminent and Learned Gentle- | juft publithed, his firft Volume, in five Parts (de ticated to her
man, atcempting to fubverr the NDoétrine of thy Arians. | Koyai Highnels the Princef$of Wales,) the ad Edition, with
Reing in midverfions on a very faxous Arian Manucripr, | large Additions. Price bound in Calf’'ss. |
wrote by him fome Years fince in India ; by 2 Country Gen- Concerning Linatick or Melancholy Perfons.-
tleman. Princed tor ). Peele, at Lock’s..Head in Puter- NY Perfon that has Friend or Relation (of the female Sex) —
Nofter-Row. Price rs. Wher: my be had, © A aliéted with Lunacy; may have them treated with the
- Church sno Charmel-Moufes: Beng, a1 Encuiry into the } greareft Care and Lenizy, where there is a luge Garien,

. Prof :nenefs, Indeccisey, and pernie:ous Confequenczs to the | good Air, and a very pleafunt Situation, not far from Loa-
Living, of Hu ying tne Dead in Churcaes and Church-Yards. | don. They are attended by Nurfeés or Servants of their own
Shewlng, _ an Sex ; no Man-Servants being allow'd of. ‘There is likewile

I. That no Na ion, or People, ever Buried in Towns, | go.d Accommodation, at in eafy Rare, for Women-Luna-
much lefs in Tenples, or Places J: ticated co Divine Service. | ficxs or mélaneholy Perfons, who are deem‘d or thanght in-
HI. That the O: iginal of this Pricrice was founded in Pride, | cyrable. Enquire at the Golden Key near the Penny Pott ~

‘improved by Supertti:ion, and encour ged “or Luce. iVith | Office in Chriftopher’s Church.Yard; Threadneedle-Street,
Re warkable Ox fervations, Hiltorical and Philofophical ; | near che Royal-Exclinge, and know farther. -

‘proving this Cuftom to be nov only contra y to the Practice “IN. 8. No Men Lunaticks are entertain’d at the fame
of the Antients, but facal in Caft of Intection. By a | sronfe. , ,
- Mirabile: -Or,. the Admirable Elestuary

Head near Fetter-L ‘ne, in Holborn, London, Where you
may be furnifed with Garden Secds. |

a4 Widow Gentlewomen .that his a Mind to go to Jamaic’s
and would under; tke the Core of a young Lady, or at-
tend any other over thither, and 1f required continue with
them there: If any fuch is wanted, the defires that an Ad-
vertifem-nt may be put in this Paper, where and when fhe
fhall wait on them.
TES are to inform all true honeft Derbythire Men
_ thar at the Woole"ack in Puaul’s Alley in Ked-Crofs-
. »Strect, is kept a Rox Club of thefe Conntrymen, once 2
Fortnight, on Mondays, at which Place they will be kindly
received 2nd entertained, all ‘Thi-gs being very commodious
for, their Reception. Note, The Mccting wil: be on the 22d
ant.
W Hereas Mr. Nathanael B-ttelt, deceafed, late of Wool-
-wich, Shipwright,cottracted fevera’ Debis in <n! about
the Cities of London and.Weftminfttr, and the Town of
Woolwich: This is to give Notiee to all Perfons that can
fairly prove any thing due to them from the fiid N. Battell,
that there is a cer ain Sum of Money affign’d, towards the
Payment of his faid Debts; his Creditors are there‘ore re-
guir to repair to Mr. Join poetbars at his Honfe in.rhe
yeat Ambry, Weltminfter, to make their refpett:ve Claims ;
and thofe thit donot doit within four Months ater this Pub-
lication, will be entirely excluded trom thc Benefit o% this
voluntary Propofal. . —
A Very good improv'd Farm to-be Let by Lezfe of 2: Yeurs
FX of rs01. or 301. per Annum, near two very good Mar-
ket Towns, and within 22 Miles of London, in a pleafanr
Country, with very good Farm-Honf, Pains, &e. Thofe that
want fuch 2 Farm may enquire and know more Paiticue
lars of Mr.James Stout, at Queenhithe, or at thc Golden: Ly--:.

Gentiemai. ; - ; Letty ium.. |
This Day is publifh’d, N°. IT. in Spanift and Englith, with E rich tnfallibly cures all De and Symptoms of the"
- _. arge Exolanatory Notes. O ; Secret Difeaf, with more Eafe d and Safety, than any
*.* The Life and Actions of that Ingenious Don Quixcte | Atedicine yet publifh’d ; an old Running, &e. though of fe- .
dela Marchi, wrote by M.Ccwantes Saawedra; dedicated | yeral Years ftaniing, whether occafion’d by an: over-ftrain,
to his Exceilency the Lord Cineret, Lord Lieutenant of | Wreaknefs of the Seminals, or the Xeli<ts of a former Iaie-ti-
Ircland: Printed for Tho. Woodward, at the Fialt-Moon, | on iv certainly cur’d in a fhort ‘Time, withopt a Minute’s
over-agiintt St. Dunftan's Chureh_ in Fleet-ftreet, and j. Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ufe of Aftiingents ; being a
Peele at Locke's Head in ater-Nofter-Row. Price rs. 6d. | steaigine fo wonderfully pleafant and eafy’ in its Operation,
Of whom may be had N°. I Price rs. 6d. and alfo that- the niceft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may take it

on Tavern'in Queen-Street, near Golden-Square, Logger] An Hiftorieal and Critical Meccan’ of the Life and Wri. | With Delight: ‘Two Pots are genetilly fuficient fo. compleat
" | Tobe LETT, | Se ae of WjLem Chiilingwsrth, Chancedor of the Chnreh a GuMfuate Phyfician who has publiftied “it 20 Y aie.
Very good Inn, at Godftone in Surrey, on the tae td “Of Sarum ; wherein ate inferted frveral <riginal Letters of | : )

. , . Chena riaies: 3: q vit . fiantly to be advis‘d with at his Honfe at the Golden Ball
ike Koad, known by the Sign of the WhiteHiic ; |} that-Eminent Divine, neve: befire printed, By -Mr. Des con : | in Cheapfi "a Qui

with Brewhom, and other Convenicrcies, and 102 (A Gtes : 7 Matec ‘ R. §. , ne World. £ ‘a ah “hofk 10] and hemp, in Bow Chureh-Yard Pn Nee ide, af halt a Guinea
o ow and Arrable Ground, near adjcinin ion i. atcr in the World, fo call’ e who have i Dp, ( ‘ the Afthmati -
Le. fe of fix Yeats tc come; the Furnit ure of the Be a ond BR expericne’d it to be fo for the Ttch, o1 Any itching Hu-. Oe OM i eay Yeas K) rience tobe a Ju
Husbandry Tackling to be Sold: Inquire of Mr. Pho. |‘ mours. It hath teen taken inwardly for the King s-Foil. It ; rer vailin Medicine in old obftinate Afthma’s, whofe fuffo-
Peto, at Rygat, Surrey, or of Mr. J. ichardfen,.at the. | is good to cure fore Eyes, or any other Sores, Ulce's, or } i- tine Wit 2 urs off in a Moment ;-it gives a erfecdt Relief
‘Blue Boare’s Head at St. Margar-t’-Hil'. Pe | ftulas ;.it has creferved fevera' from having their Limbs cuit off, ae Aeeinin labarions Coughs, that are uumercifully trouble-
Jut publith’d, «=P when off other Means hive failed. Sold $y the Perion that tome Nic g and Morning; tis a moft excellent Remaiy for

*.* Hiftorla Co'eftis Britaunica Authore Joanne Flain- makes it, at the Sign of the Green Canifter next to the Dog Shorznefs of Breath npoh any Motion, and in Breathin with
fteedo Aftronomo Regio. In ‘Three Volumes in Folio. | 2% Bear Inn at Lond-n Wall neax” ittle Moregace, whois | pigculcy, Straightnes of the Breaft, with Hoarfenels and
N.B. ‘There are but. ew Copes of this Work lefc unfoia, | che Original and only Perfon that can make it. Soldby Mr. | DONO TY> “eo tting exceeds this admirab'e Julen, for by open
which are now to be had at Five Guineas in Sheets of Wi!- | gou c ona the vie at votininer Hale, My Radtord's ing the Hyouchial Driés and Pneumonick Paffagrs, it pene-
Church. Yard in the Strand near ‘ randel tteret,-Mr. Raw sar | Cratesin the inmoft Ke Sees oe diy Bat a Seeerenuates
the North Enirance of the Roy2l-Exchange, over-ag inf Bar- with tough, ¢ a ae oie yee nghine P

tamfteed’s Atlas Cel in 25: $3 containi ivides. it, that by coughing and ing ic
F tlas Coeleftis in 25 Charts 3 containin tholomew-Lane, Mr. Stewart Bowyer, Bookfeller, under Ald- divides, moves and works IC, y coughing and fpirting t

Conftellations vifible in oar Hemifphere. N. B. e Pri . : Iwas ue natordtes and throws up all fiich matter “vith the. greateft
to Snb{cribers is two Guineas and a Par t, of which one Guines gate Church Ayetagainit the Miner Fan, Braihmaker or tora ieature, thereby’ clean‘ing ‘and freeing thee Rreaft
to be paid down, and one Guinea and a half on Delivery of a | Bo vie with w yted Direati ne sme “af tee r 5. a cach _and (angs; when ftuffed up and clogged with ahe wy Load, and
comiplect Set, which will be done Lady Daynext. . fevhe re cannot he depen tea s Peat Ww “ ut * eeieie at 1s fold .F fo prevents Confumptions, Ulcers of the Lurigs, &c. ote,
,_,_Juft publithed, , a “T~Oétor Atton of Chefterfeld in Derbythire his ROYAL. | Jt isa fate and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken by f ne
*,* 1. The Socinian Controverty difeuf'd, in fix Dialogues. | |) CORDIAL TINCTURE forthe Cholick, trnly prepar'd | 2ccordingto tbeprinted Directions, without the leatt Confitie-
Wherein the chief of the Socinian Tracts publithed of late - by a Relation of his, the Vertues of which hath been formerly - ment, or danger of cee eo again he val Tchange,
paar confidered. Bo which is added, A Defence of the | mention‘d by a Letter.in this Paper, it being the moft fove- Strahan at the Golden Balt lace. Se : s na Texchanges
a aft Dialogues relating to the Satisfaétion of Jefus |- rcign Medicine and effectual Cure for the Cholick, healing | COMO anc a” , DISKASE |
ft. | , 8 L Liga C¢ Gnole Ing . ainft ° : AL DISEASE.
Chrift Bien ai Eedition: pepancellor, of athe Cathedral of |} the Bowels, creating Appetite, and reftoring Health, pre- Againft the VENERE

liam and John Jnnys, Bookfellers, at the Weft End of St.
Pauls. Where Snbicriptions are taken in for Printing, Me.
ail the

Connor, f : Gour inthe « : ; ane | HE samous Italian. BOLUS, has fo great Succefi in
. 2% A fhort Enquiry into the Do@rine of the Trinity ead’se the oythop at the Back Si oney at ME: cae . “the Cure of the Veneréal Diteafe, that not one of t
as it islaid down in holy Scripture,’ Wherein the Errors of | Yard; at Mr. Garway's old Shop at the South-Entrartce of Numbers that daily take ir mifs ofa per'ect Cure; a
Dr. Clarke, relating to.that. Subject, are examined: and con- C ‘ tho’ fo very cheap a8 28. 6d. each, yet four Boluffes neve

fited. By George Wade, A.M. ihte Fellow of 8's Col. the Royal-Exchinge , at Mr. Cooper $, 2'Toyfhop, the Cor- Fail to roor ont and. carry. off the moft malignant, virulent,
lege bene Vicar of Ganesborovgh and Prebend of Lipcoin. ner oe ston Beene eta wich three’ elec ae and obftinate kind of the venereal Difeafe, withone Confine-
i he true Scripture Doétrine of theTrinity; the Eucha- | Luces, at 3s. 6d. each Bottle. And-dt-the fame Places, | ment, or making your Caft know? to aby FPadtoete if it fails
rift, and the SatisfaGtion made for us by our Lord Jefus | with the fameSeal, is fold the DoAtor'sfamous Styptick, juft | todo, the Money is returned. This great Medicine, He |
Chrift. Wherein all the Texts-in the Old and New Tefta- | publithed, with which he preferv’d Nuntbers from falling un- | deftroys Mercury, and carries it out of the Body, and’ therchy”
Vite reiacm & thereunto 3,and the rincipal Paflag es in the der the Surgeons Hands, it being a-{afe and abfolute Cure rebercs thofe unfortunate Perfons patho, have. fallen inco tad
VPs - #hEt and, are col- j- for Cuts, © Taira in " er fifferi in: former Cures, Oo : . Cee
lected compared, explained, and vindicated from the Errors Oy Wount thet iewat alt with, ete aero: leaving | Sword the Corner of Ruffe!-Strcet, over-againft Will's Contec-
ofr r. Clar c. Ail printed for G. Strahan at the Golden | any Scar or Scum behind it, with Directions how to uf it, | Houfe, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any otber Place is Goun-
i over-againg the Royal- Exchange in Cornhill. andits Perfectighs more at large. Prige one Shilling. * ¢erfeit. - a

pone we . '
 OS'T on Surday. the rath of Scptémber, a fmol! Danifh .

; or Italiam Bitch. Crop Ears, two Tan Sp6ts over the
Brows, crooked Blaze in the Forehead, four white Fret,
white Tin Tail, whoever wil bring her to Mr. Mafon,-at

_the Ship in ‘Talbun Court, Grace-Church-Street, shall have
- &s, Reward and all Charges.

Lately publifh’d,

«,* The Hiftory of the Conqueft of Mexico by the Spa-

niuyds. Lone into Englifh from the Original ‘Spanith of
Don Anteuio de Solis, Secretary and Hiitoriographer to his
Catholics Majefty. By Thomas Towntend, Efq,  adorn'd
with Cuts, Engraved by the beft Hands; and the Effigies of
CORTES the > General, done from an Original Paint-
ing of Titian's, by Mr, Vertne, Printed for T. Woodward,
at che Halt-Moon, and J. Hooke, at the Flower de Luce,
both again& St.Duitan's Church in Fleet-ftfeet-; andJ-Peele,
at. Locke s Head in Pater-Nofter-Row.

N. B. Thofe Sabitribers who have not fent for their Books,

are defired to fend tor them before
wife they will be difpoted of, .
| is pubifh'd,

*.* A Second Part of a VIE
MINS { Bix : Or, the TOWN-SPY. Wherein the Knight-
hood of ¢he Bath is vindicated from the Pedantick Puns and
Impertinent Jokes th3t have-been thrown on it by Phil-
‘Pinixin nd Phil. Shatter, and the Authors handionely ex-

fed. A remarkable Pioject for fuppreffing protanée Swear-
Ing. Of the Murders and miftrable Effects of Wine and
Poyfick, within the Bills of Mortality. The Modern Cri-

tieks and ‘I ranflators expofed ;- as alfo the Mod:rn Methods

of the Upholfterers, in vending Houttiold Goods by Auction.
"Fogether with feverzl merry Chiraéters and pleafant Stories.
é which 1s added, an exact. Lift of the KEPT MIS-
TRE3SES ; the Parts of the Town they are moftly enter-
tain’d in, by whom Kept, &c. Publifh’d tor the Information
and Benefit of the Families that are:injured by them. Sold
by T. Wainer at the Biack Boy in Pater-Noiter-Row, and
1 tite Bcokfeller in Fleetftreet ; and by the reft of the
kfellers of London and Weftminfter ; Price x s. '

. This Day is publifh’d, ;
_ #,* A Supplement to the Onania, or the Heinous Sin of
Self; Pollution, and all its frigetful Confequences, in the two
Sexes, confider'd, (Printed on the fame Letcer and Paper, to
be bound up with either the 7th, 8th, 9th, or roth Eaitions
of that Book). Contaming many remarkable, and- indeed
‘farprizing Initances of the Health being impair’d, and Genl-
$ fpoir'd, by that filthy Commerce with ones felf, whichis

daily practifed, as well by Adults as Youth, Women as Men,
Manied-as Single, as their Letters inferted manifeft.- Alfo
& curious Picec, "(as promis’d) tranflaced out of the Latin,
from L.-Sekmeider, as it is inferted in the Acta Lipfienfiz,
conczrning the return of the Seed, into the Mafs of Blond,
well worth the perufal of Phyficians Surgeons, Anatomifts,
and all others of Art and Curiofity. And wh }
Anfwer to a late feurrilous Libel, call’d Onania Examin'd
and Detected, clearing up the Charges againft the Onania,
and thofe efpecially re ating to the Ladies, as feveral Let-
‘ters from ‘them fhew, compleats all what the Author has to
fiy on this Subject. Printed for T. Crouch, at the Beil in
Pater-Nofter-Row, near Cheapfide; and J. Ifted, at the
Golden-Ball,between St. Dunftan's Church and ChanceryLane
in Fleetftreet. Price ftitch’d 1s. 6d.

A BALSAM,
W Hick perfectly cures the Piles, or Hosmorrhoids ; be-
‘V ing outwardly apply'’d, which has been ufed with uni-
verfal Sueefs, to all
étice of the. Author,

that ‘have ufed it in the private Pra-

a Surgeon, and has been for fome time
fitce fold to the Publick; which being ufed as dirccted,
takes off the moft acute Pains in an Hour or two, and give:
perfect Eafe and Cure in 24 Hours at farthett 5 taking o
thofe corrofive Humours falling to the Part which often oc-
ezfion inenrable Fiftula’s: Sold only at Hamlin’s Coifee-
Houfein Swithin's-Alley by the Royal-Exthange, Jack's
voffee-Houfe, St. James’s-Market 5 and at Pceil’s Coffce-
‘Hfoufe, eorncr Fetter-Lane, Fleet-freet, at 2s. 6d. a Pot,

‘ncompatab’e, Powder for cleaning the reeth, whieh
TS incomp3 Ley

Chriftmas next, other-

onto moft of the Nobility and

of London and WEST- |

ich with an.

_-*,* Bibliotheca Antiqua &-Moderna ; fen Praeftantiuni:

in Varia Facultate & Lingna .Librorum Catalogus ; being ,

a Catalogue of valiwble. Books, antient and modern,.in
veral Facu'ties and Languages, colleéted by a learned. Gen-
fiting of Hiftory, more parti-

tlemen lately deccafed. Co
-‘cularly that Part relating to Great Britain and Ireland,

Trade, Husbandry, Voyages, Divinity, Poctry, Lives, No-
vels, Mathematicks, Dictionaries, Architecture, Medals,
Phyfick, Law, &c. in Greek, Latm, Englith,.French, “Ita-
lian, &e. Alfo the Hiftory of feveral of the’Counties and
Churches -.of this Kingdom, and Clafficks of the heft -Editi-
"ons, many being of the largeft Paper, moftly well bound,
either gilt on the batk, or letter’d: Amongft which are
the Duke of Newcaftle’s Horfemanthip, with fine Cutts 5
Kufhworth's Collections, 8 Vol. large Paper ; a compléat
Sett of the Philofophical 'T ions, i
Pieces, as Baronage, Summons, &c. Which will begin to
be fold very cheap this Day, at W. Mears’s Shop, the Lamb
without Temple-Bar, at Nine in the Morning, the Price be-
ing mark'd in the firft Leaf of each Book. , .
Catalogues may be had at M*. Stagg’s in ‘Weftminfter-
Hall; Mr. Jackfon’s in Pall-Maltl; Mr. Lewis's in Ruffel-
Street, Covent-Garden ; Mr. Osborn's at Gray’s-Inn; Mr.
Strahan in Coimhill, Bookfellers ; at the Britifh, Coffve-
Houle over-againt the Mewfe Gate ; at Child's Coffze-houfe
in St. Paul’s Church-Yard, and at the Place of Sale.

This Day is gublithed, }
*.* The Learned Father MON'TE'AUCON’s SUPPLE-
MENT to his Antiquity explain’d, and reprefented in Scuip-
tures, in five ‘Tomes in Folio. Tranflated into Englifh by
David Humphreys, M. A. and Fellow of Trinity College in
Cambridge, who publithed the former Volumes. N.B. The
Platcs..are ingrav’d by Mr.Geraxd Vandergucht ; and this
Supplement compleats the Work. Sold by J. Tonfon and J.
Smith in the Strand, W. Mears and D. Brown without Tem-
Ié-Bar, J. Pemberton in Fleet-ftreet, J. Knapton, R. Knap-
ock,. D. Midwinter, R. Robinfon, Wand i Innys, and C.
Rivington in St. Paul’s Church- Yard, if sborne and A.
Bettcfworth in Pater-Noftcr-Row, J. Brotherton and E..
Syimon_ in Cornhill, and J..Watts at the Printing-Cffice in
Wild Court near Lincoln's-Inn-Fields. Of whom muy be
had the former ten Tomes. N. B. There are a fmall Num-
ber printed on fine Royal Paper for the Curious.
; Th's Day is publifh’d, i.
*.* Thefaurus Enigmaticus: Being a Collection of the
inoft ingenious ‘and diverting ALNIGMA's of RIDDLES.
To which is prefix'd, a Pref.ce; anda Difcourfe of /nig-
mi’s in gencral. The whole being defiga’d for univerfal En-
tertainment 5 and in particr'ar for the Exercife of the Fan-
cies ot the Carious; price 64. P-in-ed for J. Wilford At the
Three Flower-de-Luces in ii tle-Britain; and fold by Mrs.
Dodd at the Peacock without Tcmple-Bar, and Mrs. Nutt
under the Royal-Exchange. At the firft of which may be had,
s, Complete Setzs of the Monthly Catalogues; from the
beginning of March 1723, tothe prefent Time; or any fingic
Numbers, at 3d. each. oo
2. The ete Gamelter. The 6th Edition ;-price 2s.
» Boftobel. With Cuts. The qth Edition; price 28,
. Erafmus's Praife ot Folly ; with 48 Copper Flates. The
4th Edition ; rzmo. price 25s. 6d. :
Var Ad the HUNGARY WATER WARE-
| HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Comb,
1 a Comb-Makers, the Corner of Beli-Savage-
Inn on Ludgate-Hill, is fold a
f Hungary Water, being the fame Sort
] feveral Years paft, and is eafily. diftinguithed
from the perniciows counter‘eit Sort fold-a-
} bout the ‘Town, pretended to
from ] » &e. Likewife t
modities are fold at the fame Place, viz.
P Right French Hungary Water; at 1s. 3d. the
ottie. |
Fine Florence Oil, at 23. per Flask. ;
Right Irith Ufquebaugh, af 2 8. the Half-pint Bottle.
Fine Orange-Flower Watcr, at xs 6d. per Flask.
Right Harbadoes Citron Water, at 14s. per Quart. |
Right French Claret at 30 s, per Dozen. ee
Alf Sorts of Leghorn and Bermuda Hatts for Ladies.
N. B. There is a Sign-Paper on each Bottie and Flask, to

has given fo great
Gentry it England, for ahove thefe ac Years, notwithftanding | 76
the many Eentertits fince its firft Publication, endeavouring « Prevent Sean Ths t Reftorative: |
to imitate this the only erye Ors TR oe Can | [Natinyterick Difeafes, waither hypochendrigok Mehafich fcholy
Jam alee -St:-Dun- [| & in Meny or Vapours in » bowGeer- 9 OF
ae Digree fever advanced’ Or of eve? Absong franding,

'*

Mo. Palmer’s Fanthop, peels, :
 Markhai’s Toyfhop at the 7 Stars under. St. Dun-
hill, at Mr y at whee tars an Dun-

»

n’s Church, Fleet-Street, an
ae once ufing makes the T' as whitess [vory, tho never fo
black or yellow, and effect ty proferves. them rom rotting
or decaying, continuing them found to exceeding Od Age. It
wonderfiliy cures the Scurvy in the Gugiss prevents Rucam er
Defluction, kills Worms at the R oét of 'fhe- and there-

hinders the Tooth-ach. It adnirably-Réftens

ing a neat Cleanly Medicine, ofa pieafant andgretes

Price rs. the Box Note all the Nobility, Gentry; &e. w.

to Mr. Merkham’s for the Powder for the Teeth, are defired to

give firl “¢ Orders not to miftake the Shop, fs RKHAM

Et fength isunder the Seven Stars) becaufe-.moft of the Toy-

Thops in. his -Neighbsurhcod, feeing Multitudes. go to. his
“ Shoofor it, he=e trump’d up Counterfeit .

im Tmitarion of onr known and approved Powder, In pro)
té he Pubick. NB At the fame Places are, fold the
eftgrred Lin-€alye for Ladics, 8ee. of a charming and deiigh
‘Bai Scuat. Price 1s. each Box . 7

the chotceft An

and fil thelr Stuif -
ighly
15 t-

BOND

‘ to what, Degree fvever adyaneed,
bra ant compou nt, chymically ew O
y & pe ti-Hyftericks in:the ‘whole Art. of Chymiftry :

erect

an Medicine having cureé Thoufands of Men and
Melancholy Va epended o ra
Cure 3 ‘it firikes immediately ate

Hime firt Caufe of this]
per, and entirely deftrays it Root and Branch, rectifying that

vitiabel, herment in. the Stomarh, which is generally the firft
vee Canfe, .and thereby cus Indigeftion purifies the
Bicod and Spyits, ftrengthens ‘Brain and Nerves, chears
the whole Frame, fkops V omitin clears the Head from confn-
fed Thoughts, removes Fears, S 3, difturb'd Sleep, ‘T'witch-
ings Of the Avms or Legs, cures Palpitation or Trembling of
the Heart;-and. indedd.all ottet the many and various Symp-
toms that attend this grievous mper; for take away the
-Canfe and the Effect will ceafe. Sold for 4s. ¢d the Bottle,
‘at the. 2: Ball on Puddle-Daek-Hill, near Ludgate-Streat,
and no wheye elfe. *. OO Ts

. + fa

«

ranfactions, in 2x Vol. Dugdale’s »

oy Thibe timus taking;
fes and rectifics the Blood and Juices to Admirgtion,. frees
rately feuukes a

ht Freneh .}
Sort fold:

be imported’.
following foreign Com- }-

Half-Pint

yD the:

+ “3

a *: ANN Davghter-of ‘Samuel, Ladd,. 1j-
ving at the Ship and three Daggers at
Doctors Commons, Potter, “being abott
| ___ 14 Years of Age, was blind -of one Eye, .
and her other Eye being. vcry ‘near blind, otcafioned by 2
great Cold, infomuch ihe had not Light to.'guide herfelf-
and being advifed to a very eminent after-a
confiderable Time he had her under his Hands,-we ffSand-
fhe Brew worfe, to our great Surjrize, fo that we had her
to diverfe other Prattitioners.of Eyes for Advice, aad was .
informed by fome of them fhe.cou'd not be cured, whieh |
caufed us to defpair, and we thought the would not he..
brought to Sight again ; but hearing of the many and won- +
derfiil Cures ot the Eyes performed b Mrs. Cater, who ftill -
lives at the Hand and Eye in Caftle-Court - Birchi _-

near Cornhjll, did apply to her, who, at firft’ Sigh *
told us her Byes were curable, to our no fall jo ae Com ,
fort, and alf> did perform the Cure in a ‘fhort time, to our’ -
reat Satisfaction ; and-this Ido in Juftice to the faid Mrs. ..
ater, that thof Perfons who are under the fame Affiicti- _-
on may know where to apply for Cure, given under m
Hand the r2th of Ostober, 1726 - , Samuel Ladd.”
Note, She cures withont any Inftrument ;_and the infallibly
cures the Agnes without the teaft Grain of Cortex, or that
y call the Jefuits Bark. Price ss, the Vi r ,
received except Poft paid. , ' ab No Letters
| Juft publith ‘d
LETTER from a Pérfon that Dwelt Half a Year in
the MOON, concerning Birds of Paffage, Witha Cu- -
rious Draught Shewing Howthe Perfon Got Uptothe .
MOON, and Came Sa’e Back again. Alfo of a Great CO- .
MET or BLAZING STAR that is to be. This Book is
Given Gratis Up One Pair of Stairs at the Sign of the

“ Nt, oe =

R SS VEC KLAC (t) poe
ecommended by Dr. Chamberlen: for Children’ ith-
out “Temple-Bar. At Mr. Jer. Pain’s, the Rick Ee alae
Pope's Head-Alley from Cornhill. At Mr. Greg’s Book -
ler at Charing-Crofs. Andby R. Bradihaw by Soho-Square.

SHORT and infallible Cure for the Itch or any itching -
A Humour, or fcorbutick Breaking ont whatfoever, thouge }
it -he never fo bad or of never fo: long ftanding, by a "fpecitick
Elcctuary, particularly adapted for that Purpofe, and many -
Years experienced: It is the moft wonderful $ Secret in the
World for the Cure of that troublefome Diftemper, and the
Scurvy: For in two é hing, it-4 elenn-"

them from all manner-of Impurities, and abfol
the very Root of the Itch oF other’ feorbutick Breakings our
fo as infallibly to accomplith a Cure in- two or three Days, to
a Miracle, and that with the greateft Eafe and Safety imagi-. |
nable, without the leaft Trouble or Confinement. Is fold on-_
ly by Mr. Sanders, Haberdafher of Small Wares, at the Blue
Ball in Fenchurch-Street, near Aldgate, at 3s. a Box.
WRIGHT’s Dieuretick, or cleanfing Tincture.
Wa urinally difcharges ail the Reenter amid relicks of"
; the Lues Alamode, or Venereal Infection, and caufes’
its Concamitants, the wretched Train of that complicated’
Diftemper, 23a mucous, filthy, fanions Matter lodg'd in the’

.

-Reigs,orfpermatick Parts, which either canft a sharpnefsin-

ie Wane, or too frequently provokesit. This Relick i¢
PO apa ble, artly by the fubfequene Symptoms, viz. by 2
Sfiry or Weaknefs of the Back, a fetid na |

averting Smell of the Urine, with a purulent

ous, and
atter, or

-fecufent Sordes, refiding at the Bortom, or flying-in it, wi
Vasiety of Figures. Farther, this Tindture efperi ally ’ with

Kelicks of the. Venereal Difeafe, after jl. managed.

ff
Cures; not only cleanfing:the Urinary Paflages ot"-all.§
Gravel;-Films, or membrancons Peilicies, .. bur after 2)

fingiilay Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftoring thei, and:
ati their genital Parts, to their original Tone and Ufe, thotgh :
Misfortune and Decay.be of the longeft Date, with an e-.
wal Succefs in each Sex. To be had tor to8. per Bottle, with:
ire*tions for its Ufe, only athis Houfe, the Golden Head -
and two Lamps in Beil-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill. ,
Thefe are to inform the Fema e Sex, .
Tut the gentlewoman at the goiden balkon puddle dock .
hill, “near the weft end of’ St. pant’s church, hath attain'd?
to a very cerfain, fate, and expeditions way of curing the,
many weaknefles and -indifpoficions peculiar to-thofe-of her,

‘own fex; fuch as barrennefS. and mifcarriage in: married.’

women ; the green ficknef$ in maids, and’many other grie-,,
vous Ilinefles that married women, widows and maids are

- fadjest to, too tedious here to relate. |

On a little diftourfe with the patients, fhe judgesa* their.
cafes and caufes of ilineffes,whether it be barrennefs, which’,
hath many known curable caufes ; the diftin® knowledge of
which fhe is miftrefS; feveral of which caufes aye little re-’
garded, or not known to the patients, therefore thought in-.
curable ; or whether mifcarrigge, tho’-they. have. mifcarned:
many times, both which fhe cures, through the bleffing of

ethod. of exceeding fafe ané

met ny Medic es, whi | n-many Years Experience have
e- fant- cines hen” } ‘Ex 1
heen foundabfolucely eff ual for a perfect Cure on gre25

Numbers of Ladi - Gentlewomen of the beft Note In

es
the Kingdom, in all the absve-mentioned Indifpofitions ee
6

liar to the. Sex. Sheisto be advil
crorementioned, any Daj of the’ Weak.

her H
abovementioned, f alfo a
Cafes ftated in Letters fant from the Country, Poft pala, -

ed with at
She

ON: Printed by AL LEST, in Great-Carter-Lani. .
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 13 Nov. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786213/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 