, eet bi
os - y .

_  Saturpay, May 22, 1725.

eI HAVE often obferved that Cu-{ which will all come to be Horns, according to the [ city, firft, asa Paper of Enter tainment, and fe-
| : condly, as.a Paper of Intelligence, it. cannot be

ftum is .extreamly prevalent in Opinion of Sir Hans Sloan. as
Things of fmall Concern as well} Here is Matter for the Speculation of the Cu-J an Impotition to take only the .Perquifites and Re-
Syl as thofe of greater Confequence, ! rious, and it will be worth while to find out why | wards which are due to one of them, .conlidering
Mae| and whoever takes the Pains to‘ Horus, which feem’d to belong only to the Male] the moft celebrated Wits of this and hare fone. -
make his Remarks, will find that j Part of the Species, and of which this good Ci-j times been read in this Paper, and that we frail
ty of London is fuppofed Yearly to produce fo ftill have their Affittance we bave Reafon to ex-~

our Eyes, our Ears, and all our Senfes are more | ;

or lefs under-its Influence, as I can prove by an ' plentiful a Crop, fhould be thus transfer'd to the} pect, fince we have taken up the Cudgc!s in their
Example in my own particular Affairs. Female, and alfy for what Reafon in Nature} Defence, again the Incroachments of Brof-fellevs

It is well known to the good People of Great |thefe Horns fhould appear in the back Part of and Players, ;

Britain, that before the late A& of Parliament, ! the Head of this Genrlewoman, whereas the Male Upon the whole, our Readers may expect the
which lays a Stamp upon this Paper, and by | Species generally are fuppofed to carry them on{ Worth of their Money; and, as we ‘well know,
which my Bulk is fo much diminifh’d, my Fore-|their Foreheads. , that Curiofity is mix’d in the Nature of Af an, Wwe
head was conftantly adorn’d with a certain Flou-! But thofe who will look back on my Adver- fhall take Care to gratify that of all Ages, Saves,
rith, which I contel I invented in erder to re-! tifement concerning the wonderful Worm Pow- and Conditions : To which Purpoie, Subjecis fe.
commend my felf to the Ladies; but this Piece ; der, will find ftill a ftranger Subje& for the Sry-] Ti0us, moral, and political
of Vanity I thought fit to lay afide upon. this! dy of Naturalifts ; there isa Worm as long as the Pleafures, Gallantry and Ridicule, thall, by Turis,
new Alteration, inorder to fubftirute fomething | May-Pole of the Strand, bred by a certain fo-| have a Place in this Paper. The Infpe&tion of
more ufeful in the Place it muft poffefs.. reign Woman of Quality, there deferibed, with the Stage, ina peculiar Manner, we have taken
However, fome.of my fair Readers are pleafed | a Head hike a Bull Dog, a Mouth like a Sparrow,}09 our felves; and, if we are not flattered by
to rally me upon it, and a certain pretty Coquet,!a Body like a Fifth, and the Tail of a Dragon ;} QUE Correfpondents, we have loft no Reputation
who is for no Diminution in Point of Finery, ! this is a ftranger Monfter than what Horace de-|-OY doing {0. Nor fhall the Lover be for.
tells me, I make as hideous a Figure as a Beau | {cribes in his Art of Poetry; but the whole Bo-| 8% Ot, to fpeak in the Words of sh.atc/ear, The
without his Tupi-Perriwig, and another arch Girl ; dy of Advertifements is like P//ny’s natural Hifto- Lover fall not figh in vain ; and, as we have often
faid merrily, the other Day, that I look’d exa&-|ry, an Account of Things ftrange and wonderful, help’d him out when Bafhfulnefs, or fome other

» as well as ‘Eiiays on

ly like-fome poor Poet who had had his Lawrel| or if we-may ufe the Worcs of Milton, they are mpediment, have ftopp’d him from declaring

{natch’d from his Brow. ——= But chs is not the; the Defcription o : } ais Eaftion to his Miftrefs. P We fhali do
ft eir Raillery, they havé found out ano- at , O itil, fince now we may fometimes fp:

wortt of their Raillery, they have found out a _ Gorgons and Hydras and Chimeras dive. for that Purpofe, having, (as the “Reader, may

- ther Blot in my Efcutcheon, and fome of them tell ne | |
me plainly, my Aeél és too fort, mn a Word, :1 fay, this is fufficient to recommend the Adver- fee) inlarged my Paper above a Third beyond
they are not pleafed that I leffen my Number of ;tifements, without taking Notice of Things loft} What it was when it wore the firft Stamp.
Advertifements, by which they pretend they loofe | or found ; of whatever is to be bought or fold, 7 |
a great Part of their Diverfion. and feveral other Matters of=great-Confequence, FORE IGN AFFAI RSs.

I confefs there is a great deal of ufeful Lear-| tending much to the Edification of the curious} . By our Letters from Rome we are advifed,
ning fometimes to be met with in Advertifements ; | Reader. , . that the late Treaty of Vienna was projeéted by
I took upon mine to bea kind of Index of all| But to. fpeak a little more ferioufly upon this{ Cardinal Alberoni, who fir communicated itto
Arts and Sciences, they contain the Advices both | Matter, it is certain, that in a great and populous{ te Duke of Parma, who having propofed to the ’
from the learned and unlearned World ; Fools, | City like this, where the Inhabitants of one End] Baron Van Rippuerda, a Native of Holland, for-
and Philofophers may there meet with equal Mat-| of the 'Town are Strangers to the Trade and Way merly Ambaflador from that Republick to the
ter to divert and amufe themfelves. What Jof Living of thofe of the other, many Things Court of Madrid, and who changed his Reli-
can be more edifying to a Beau or a Coguet than} which prove of fingular Dfe and Benefit could} gon and fertled in Spain, was iurrufted with -
to read of the extraordinary Effe&ts of the right | never be known to the World by any other Means} Credentials, and fent to Barcclona to imbark for -
fralian Cream, the fineft Gofmetick in the World | but this of advertifing ;afay, it carries the No-{| Genoa. —-———- The Pretence of this. ourney
for the Improvement of the Complexion, or the|tice of a Thing not only all over the Kingdom, } Was for picking up Artizans in the Oraney
Vertues of the true Chymical Wafhbals for the | but even beyond Seas, which certainly is an Ad- Trade intItaly or Germany, or wher-éeyer he
Hands; in a Word, any Perfon’ may learn the | vantage tothe Trade of the Kingdom; for Com-{Could meet with them, he being. Superintendant
Art of growing handfome, only by reading my | miffions are often fent for fuch and fuch Sort ofj-0f a Woollen Manufaftury in Spain. He
Advertifements, Goods. A Man often, by this Means, bécomes| firft went to Rome to receive rhe Inftru&tions of

I conceive thefe to’ be Articles-‘of no trifling} famous in his Way of Bufinefs in many Countries,} Cardinal Alberoni, and from thence to Parma. —
Concern to the World in general, wherefore the | who otherwife, perhaps, would fcarce be known} and laltly to Vienna; where, after a few Confe-

_hext Time the ingenious Inventor of the faid{in the next Parifh,  . Jrences with the Minifters of the Emperor, the
Chymical Wathbals recommends his Advertife-/ Yet as ufeful as thefe Advertifements are, bothi'Treaty was finifhed to the SatisfaGtion 6f. both
ment to me: I thallina fhort Differtation fhew | to my felf-and the Publick, I am obliged frequent- | Parties.

What Grievances this Nation has fuffered for want] ly to leave out’ feveral, in order to infert fome}| We are advifed from Warfaw, in Poland, that
of the faid Wathbals being more encouraged] important Piece of News, which would grow ftalc| the Feaft of St. Staniflaus was celebrate d there

and ufed, in which I fall occafionally make! upon my Hands, were I to keep it for the follow-} with more than ufual Pomp, and that feveral of
; ing Week. oe the Grandees gave fumptuous Entertainments up-

fome critical Refle&ions on dirty Hands, and, per- a ,
haps, demonftrate the Neceflity of providing I cannot quit this Subjet& without faying.a Wordjon that Day, and when they grew warm they
or two concerning ‘the Price of the Paper, fince| drank feveral Healths, which were not under-

"great Quantities of the faid Washbals at prefent,
or the. Ufe of certain Perfons that fhall be:name-] the late Stamp-Duty.—_—-~Jn the firft Place, I} ftood by the- Strangers who wete prefent. Upon”
lef, that they may keep their Hands clean. ; | hope the Half-Penny a Week cannot ruin any of| the. whole it is obferv‘d,. thar Stanflaus is a Name.

Next, as to what regards Men of Letters, there{ my courtcous Readers: Next I muft obferve, that{ the Poles feem very fond of, and it founds much
is not an Arcanum, or new Difcovery in Phyfick,| all Effays of Wit and Humour, or fuch as pafsun- | more fweetly in their Ears than that of Au-~
but is there fpoke of. ———- You may read and live] der the Title of Papers of Entertainment, both | guftus. a

or ever. Next, asto thofe who delight, now and heretofore, have conftaritly been retail’d LONDON, May 28, -
in the Study of.natural Philofophy, what-can:be| for the Price of two Pence, excepting only the, Laft Saturday at the Seffions at the Ola Baws
more curious than a certain Advertifement. which | Works of unknown Authors;.which are often cry'd came on the Try:il of Jonathan Wild, beforeek
contains an Account of the Wonder of the Age, thi@/about thé Streets’on Saturday Nights, and bear | Baron Page, Sir William Thompfon, &cafpdiet: ©
like never feen before, or; the Miracle of Nature,|the Title of x Pennywirth of Laugbing for the Price | reQting, advifing, and being aiding and @ihine:=>
being a Woman with. a. Hors growing ent at the back| of a Half-Periny.” +» Junto one Kelly, a Man, and Murphy, a Niaiot A
Part of Ger Head, ——— With feveral other Pufeles} But as we ferve the Publick in a double Capa-{in privately fealing out of the Shop ok eae

oe | EPrice 'T'wo Pence.] : : NEES ESI

 Brookes, near Holborn-Bridge,, a Box of Lace, to

the Value of about 2001, but this Indi&ment be-

- ing fapported by no other Evidence than Kelly
and Murphy, he was acquitted; i, .

He was a fecond time indi&ed for felonioufly

taking of the faid Mrs: Brookes ten Gunieas,

_ for helping her to the Box of Lace fo ftolen,

_ without appreliending the Felons, ‘and bringing

_ them to Tryal, in Contempt: of the Statute of

the fourth Year of his prefene Majefty, by which

- the-Offence is made Capital, which Fatt being
fully prov’d, the Jury found him Guilty.

Robert Harpam was convifted of High Trea-

» fon, in counterfeiting the Current Coin of this

Kingdom. . Hornby, late Clerk and Surveyor of

the Works atthe new Admiralty Office, being ad-
mitted an Evidence againft him. ;

The Seffions concluded that Evening, and
there received Sentence of Death five Perfons,
viz. Jonathan Wild, Robert Harpam, John Plane,

- William Sperry and Robert Sandford ; the two
laft for Rebberies on the Highway, and Plant for
a Street Robbery, ~

Mr. Serjeant Baynes, and Mr. Kettleby, ap-

peared as Council for Jonathan Wild, and Myr.
Attorney General for his Majefty. At his re-

ceiving Sentence, he acknowledg’d his Guilt of

the Fa@, and the frequent Admonitions given
hiin by Mr. Recorder, to awoid fuch Practices ;
pleaded his Services in apprehending of Robbers,
and bege’d fer 'Tranfportation. ,
ohn Coopér, alias Blind Cooper, -was cénvitt-
ed of a Mifdemeanor, in uttering counterfeit Mo-
ney knowingly, for-which Offence he was fin'd
2100]. anda Year’s Imprifonment. . ,

Quilt Arnold, Wild’s Man, who was taken up
with his Mafter, is order’d to remain till the en-
fuing Afsizes for Effex, when he is to be remov'd
thither to be try’d fur a capital Crime charged
upon him in that County , |

On Wednefday the Dead Warrant came down
to Newgate for the Execution of four of the a-
bovefaid Malefagtors on Monday next at Tyburn,
viz. Jonathan wild, Robert Harpam, William
Sperry and Robert Sandford; John Plant is re-

riev'd.

onathan is attended in the Condemn’d Hold by
- the Reverend Mr. Nicholfen, LeCturer of St. Se-
pulchres, to prepare him for his approaching
Change. He is, as yet, under the greareft Hor-
rors and Agonies of Mind; which ‘cis hop’d
may work a good Etfeét for the fhort time he has
to live, as well upon his wicked Companions as

himéelf. ,

As there are many confiderable Bleflings deri-
ved to the People of this Nation, from the ex-
eellent Nature of its Government ; fo none of them
is more to be valued, and admired, than the im-
partial, and merciful Method prefcrib'd, by our
Laws, and Courts of Juftice, in their Proceedings
againft common Offenders, wherin the leaft At-
tempt to prepoffefs, or biafs any of the Judges,
or Jury, is punifhed as highly Criniinal.

. ‘Ehis isthe Reafon why the Publick hath not
hitherto a more certain Account than has yet
been printed of genstban Wilde’s Prattices, who
being now under Sentence of Death, can receive
no, Prejudice by the Publication of this Abftra&
of. Informations that havebeen made againft ‘him
upon Oath ; by which it will appear, how ne-
ceflary it was for the common Safety of Man-
kind to bring him to Juftice. a
__%& It appears by feveral Informations upon Oath,
that Jonathan Wild hath, for many Years paft,
been 2 Confederate with great Numbers of High-.
yaymen, Pick-pockets; Houfle-breakers, Shop-

lifters, and other Thieves. .

{contrary to the faid Ath -

2 That he hath

of Thieves, of which he is thé Head, or Dire€tor}
and that notwithftanding his pretended Services
in detefting and profecuting Offenders, he procu-
red fuch only tobe hang’d as conceal’d their Booty ,
or refufed to fhare ict with him. -

3. ‘That he hath divided. the Town and Coun-
try into fo many Diftri&s, and appointed diftin&
Gangs for each, who regularly accounted with him
for their Robberies. He had alfoa particular Set
to fteal at Churches in ‘Time of divine Service,
and alfo other moving Detachments to attend
at Court on Birth-Days; Balls, &c. and uron
both Houfes of Parliament, Circuits, and Coun-
try Fairs. | re
4. ‘That the Perfons employed by him were, for
the moft part, Felons Convi&, who have return’d
from Tranfportation’ before the Time for which
they were tranfported was expired, and fnar he
made Choice of them to be his Agents, beeaufe
they could not be legal Evidence againft him, ard
becaufe he had it in his Power to take from
them what Part of the ftolen Goods he thought
Gr, and otherwile ufe them ill, or hang chem, as
he pleafed. |
s, That he hath from—time to Time fupplied
-fuch convidted Lelons with. Money and Cloaths,
and lodged them in his own Houfe, the better to
conceal them; particulary jome againft whom there
are now Informations for diminifhing and coun-
terfeiting Broad-Pieces and Guineas.

6 That he hath not only beena Receiver of
ftolen Goods, as well as of Writings cf ail inds
fox near fifteen Years laft paft, burfrequently been
a Confederate, and robb'd along with the‘ above-
mentioned convieted Felons. : .

7. That in order to carry on thefe vile Practi-
fes to gain fome Credit with the ignorant Mulu-
tude, he ufually carried about him a fhort Silver
Staff, asa Badge of his Authority from the Govern-
ment, which he ufed to produce when he himfelf
was concerned in robbing. - -

9, ‘That he had under his Care and Direction
feveral Warehoufes for: receiving and concealing
ftolen Goods; and alfo a Ship for carrying off

ewels, Watches, and other valuable Goods to
Holland, where he hath a fuperannuated Thief
for his Faftor. ,

9. That he kept in Pay feveral Artifts to make
Alterations, and transform Watches, Seals, Snuff-
Boxes, Rings, and other valuable Things, that
they might not be known; feveral of which he
ufedl ro prefent. to fuch Perfons as he thought
might be of Service to him.

19. That he feldom or ever helped the Owners
to their Notes and Papers they had loft, unlefs he
found them able exaétly to: {pecify and deferibe:
them, and then often infifted on more than half;
the Value.

11. Laftly, it
fold human Blood,
to fwear Perfons into Fatts they ’
of, fometimes to prevent them from being Evi-}
dence againft himfelf; at others,- for the fake of
the great Reward given by the Government.

Tho’ there might have been many Indiétments
preferred againft fonathan, Wild, it was. thought:
fufficient to lay four only, viz. I. For being at
Principal in ftealing a large Quantity of. Lace,
from a Woman near Holborn-bridge. 2. For help-
‘ng the Woman to her Lace again, for a Reward
of 10 Guiness, contrary to an A& of Parliament
which makes it Felony fo todo. 3. For being a
Principal. in. ftealing four Guineas out of a Shop|
in PalleMall. 4. For helping a Perfon to a Bank
Note he had loft: fer 2 Reward of fifty Pounds,

appears that he: hath frequently ,
by procuring falfe Evidence,
were not guilty

.

form’d a kind of Corporation; ‘The Evidence to prove the firft Indi&tment:,

were, Kelly, Morphew and Mrs. Statham who.
loft the Lace. Kelly and Morphew depofed;.
That being at Jonathan Wild's Houfe on the 22d:
of January laft, he told them, there was an old
Bitch (that was his Expreffion) near Holborn-
Bridge that kept great Quantities of the bet
Flanders Lace, and that it would be an eafy Mat-
ter to bite her of a Box or two thereof; chat fhe had
only one Daughter with her, who was as blind as
hertelf; and that he would go and fhew them the
Shop ; which he accordingly did from the Foor of
the Bridge, bidding then go in and do their Bufi-
nefs, and tnat he would ftay there and bring “them
off if any Acciden: fhould happen. Accordingly
Kelly and Morphew fiJlow’d his DireGtions, went
into the Shop, and, under Colour of buying, ftole
a Box of Lace, coatauirg eléven Pieces, which
chey immediately carriea to Jonathan, ftanding
«here they lefr him; and from thence they went
dire&tly co Jona-han Wild’s Houle, where they exa-
mined the Lace, and where Wild paid them for
their refpefive Shares, four broad Pieces of Gold
ard three Guineas.

. Mrs. Statham {wore to the Lofs of the Lace, and
thar fhe belicved Kelly and Morphew were the
Perfons that ftuleix, Upon this Indi&mens, tho’
the Fact was ‘ficiently prov'd, and he had nota
Word to fay for himfelf, he was not found guilty,
by Reafors cf {ome Doubts that arofe concerning
the Form of the Indi&ment. : oS

Then the Court proceeded to try him upon the
ed Indi&tment, to prove which Mrs. S:atham was
call'd, who depofed, that after Jonathan Wild
was in Newgate, he him/2lf agreed with her for
ten Guineas to reftore her Lace; andthe ren Gui-
neas was accordingly paid by Wild's Order to his
Agent, and the Lace return’d ; whichit appear’d
Jonathan Wild had kept in his Poffeflion from
the Time it was ftolen ull the tenth of March.
‘This being fully proved againft him, and he
having nothing Material to fay in his Defence, he
was found Guilty, as has been already mention’d ;
afier which the Court thought it néedlefs to try
him upon the other Indictments.

One of the three fecret Articles in the Treaty
concluded between the Emperor and King of
Spain, ‘tis thought can’c be very pleafing to the
Dutch, no more than to other People; and that is,
that his Catholick Majefty grants to the Oftend
Company Liberty of fending two Ships every Year
to the South Sea. ,

His Grace the Duke of Montague is appoint-
ed firft Great Mafter of the reviv'd Order of the
Knighthood. of the Bath. .

We hear that a Commiffion of Regency is pre-
paring againft the Time his Majefty fhall ap~
point for his vifiting his German Dontinions. —
The following Frigots are appoluted to convoy
the King over, viz ‘The Kingfale, Rofe, Suc~
cefs, and Port-Mahon, Sir John “Norris who ts
to Zommand it, hoifts his Flag aboard the King»
fale.

Deaths and Cafualties. Sir Richard Stytch, Barts
of Barking in Effex. ——'The Rev. Mr. Lazinby,:
Reétor of St. Antholins inWatling Street, ar Bach.—
Lady Dowager Mohun, Relic of the late Lord
Mohun, kill’d ina Duel by Duke Hamilton. -——A

-

i Black-fhoe Boy, kill’d by a Carpenter at the new

On Wed-
ones, lately

Admiralty Office, the Man is fled.
nefday a Woman whofe Name 1s

| brought to Bed of an illegitimate Child, hang’d her

(elf at her Lodgings. Her Sifter fome Years ago,
executed the like- Death upon her felf. On
Tuefday Morming a Man well drefled was found
drowned in a Pond in St. George's Fields ; Yefter-
day he was difesver'd te be- one Smith, Clerk.to
an- Attorney. |

 From Dublin, That a certain Perfon belonging

to the Treafury of Irland, whofe Accounts are
under Examination of the Commitflionefs, is late;
ly come over hither, perhaps, hecaufe he may lie
‘under fome Difficulty in that Refpce& ; for ‘its
Said, that a Sum of hear too,cc01. will meet
with fome Trouble in telling over. ohn
Comer, mentioned in one of our former, to be
condemn’d for the Murder of Counfellor Hoare,
was cxecuted on Wednefday the sth Inftant.

.: From Oxford, That on Friday Sevennight, a-
nother Convocation was held, where it was again
debated, whether they fhould have an At this
Year, and it wasthen carry'd inthe Negative
by a great Majority. .

mr+O be fold at the Coach and Horfts in Caftic-Strect, near
‘J. Leicefter-Square, a light Chariot anda pair of Hatnefs,
fit for Town or Country. Inquire of Mr. Walker_on the left
hand Side of the Gateway, and you may know further.

To be Lett at Midfummer next, |
HE Mannor Houle, called Tuttham Hl, in the Parifh
of Weft-iariey in the County of Kent (within four mile
of Maidfion, and ten of Tunbridge Wells) containing ten or
twelve «oon.sona Floorready turnifhed, with three Acres
of Gardenirg, all planted - ith the befr and choiceit Fiuits,
moft of the Gardening being walled in, and pluated with
beauti-nl Greens now in Ver’e:tion, together with convenient
Stable and Coach houfe .oom, witha Barn tor Hay.and all
other Convenienc.s, and fifteen or twenty Acres of very good
Pafcure and meadow Ground about the Honfe, and a greater
uantity (i required) as alfo the ..oyalty of the -..annor,
and near the: miles command of the fithing on the ‘iver
Medway, lying before the faid Seat, there being feveral Fifh
Ponds weil {cored with Fifth, andno Houie in the County
better {upp ied with excellent Water. Enqui-cofthe Xcvd
Mr. North ut .Veft-Fariey aforefaid, or Mir Matth Cottet tt
the 3olden Ba!lin Dean Street in Letter Lane, and you may

know further. - ; ;
This Day is publifhed, ;
*.* The New Teftament, with moral Reflections upon
every ver, in order ta make the reading of it more prohtaiie,
andthe veditution more eafy. Written in French by Pal-

vier Queliel, Father of the Oratory, and tranflited into
h :

nglih by “ichard Rutel, M. A. Volumes the chird and
fourch. Thofe who have the firfe and fecond Vo.unes may
compicat their ‘etts ar Richard Wilkins’s, Kookfeiier, at the
King’s Head in St. Paul's Church Yard.

Tolen out of the Grounds of Mr. Samuel Clarke in Eaft-

mean at the Fair Farm in Hampthire, on ‘.unday Night
the 16th of this Infrant, a Ray Horfe 13 Hands and a halt high,
with a black. Mane and black frisk Tail, fome white a iittle
above his Hoof of his further Leg behind, has fome white
Hairs on his Forehead, and alittle on his upper *-i p ; hehasa
Jittle Notch upon one of his Ears, not to be feen, but may be
felt. If dny Perfon will fecure the faid Horfe, and give
Notice to Mr. Clarke aforefaid, fo that he may be had ag2in.
Shall have a Guinea Reward, with reafonable Charges.

HE true Calybiate Scarbrough Spaw-water, to be fold at
-& Richard Beilby’s, late of Scarbrough, now living at the
Yox near Exccution Dock, Wapping, at 7s. 6d. perdozen in
flasks. The vertues of this water are fo well known, and the-e
are fo many evidences of the cures that it has wrought, that
it will be unnecefary to make any remarks on this head.

T the Free School at Punftable in Bed’ordfhire, are
" taught, Writing in all the Hands, according to the moft
improv'd method, and practice ofthe ablefc mafters. Arith-
metick in allits parts, whether vulgar or fractional. Nicr-
chants Accompts, or the true Italian method of Book-keep
ing ; where Youth may be {peedily qualified for any fort 0°
Bufinefs or Clerkihip, whether Law or Trade, by W.Gratwick.
_N.B. The Town is fituate in a very healthtul and pieaf'nt
Country, where fuch lads whofe friends do live remote, ‘may
board in ahandfome manner, on eafy terms, and if required,
may be inftru¢ted either in the Latin Tongue, or, the true
Orthography ofthe Englith, by a néw and approved Method.

PPIHE true French Hungary Water, which has been fold for
.& many years, by mr. Stephen Chambers, is (fince his
leaving off Shopkeeping) continued to be fold by mr, john
Fowler at the fame place, next door to John's Coffee Route
in Swithin’s Alley, " oyal Exchange, Cornhill, where me:-
thants; perfumers, and others, may Ve firpply’d as ufual. ‘The
great Succefs in its Sale, andthe vaft demands there is for it
daily, it being acknowledged by all true Judges to be the fineit
that ever was ufed in the world, has occafioned counterfeits to
appear in the neignbourhood. Beware. therefore of fiich Inn-
politions, the truc Hungary Water being fold no where elfe
in England, bit at the place abovementioned.

" Hereas in Mift’s Weekly Journal, on Saturday the 2oth
of February 1725, as alfo in other papers of the fame
date, andfince, isadvertis’da powder lately imported, which
{n every refpeét fuilv anfwers the ufe of Coffee, and there be-
ing a larger demand than was expected, fevefal perfons went
without; care will be taken for the future to prevent the
like, a large parcel being juft arrived exceeding fine and good,
hich may be tafted at the tirft houfe on she left hand in Bell
vage-Yard on Ludgate Hill up. one pair of Stairs, wher:

y Ouantity may be had at 2s. éd.per pound. N. B. No lef
none pbund js fold; it will anfwer wathout mixture of
Coffee, and harh been much approved on fince the Adver-

“Blefling of Judah, Gen. xtlix, B

—— . . ._‘Yobe Lett
TH chicf Patt of Nonfkeh Hon, with good Stables,
4 Coach-Houfc, Garden and Orehard, and with, or without
fundry Acres of meadew Gtound, plcafantly fituated near the
Downs, about a mile from Epfom in Surry. Enquire at the
owe, orof Mr. Ellifon in Symond’s-Inn. .
T? be fold at the White Horfe in Caftle Street, on the
back fide of Long-Acre, near the Seven Dials, a four
Wheel Chaife, mad2 to go with one Horic, or a pair, and to
quarter the Rutts, and a Chaife Harnef with it. Enquire for
My. Dunkarton at the Itin, and -you may know further.

D opp'd between St. feputchres church arid falisbury court
7 in flect-ftreet, going down ficet-lane, and croffing the
bridge, a pair of white fuitian pockets, in which wasa filver
puric, work'd with icarlet and green S.S. Inthe purfe there
was s or 6 fhillingsin money; a ring with a dezth at Iength
in black enamell'd, wrapp'd in a piece of paper; a filver tooth
pick cafe; 2 cambrick handkerchiefs, one miaik’d KE. M. tke
other Es D; a fmallknife ; a key and pair of gloves, anda
fteel thimble. &c. ifthe Perfon who took them up will bring
them fo mr. peachy’s at the black boy in the o'd baily, he fhall
receive a guinea reward, ann no qucltions ask'd.

This Day is pub‘ithed, containing a particular Account of the

a ancient Orderofthe Knights ofthe Bath. —
x Atiew Uictionary of HERALDRY; explaining the
Terms’ ufed iat that Sctence 3 with their Etymolegy, an
different Vernonsin Latin. Containing all the Ruies of Bla-
zon, with © cafons for the fame; the criginal Signification of
Bearings; and aconcife Acconnt of the molt noted Orders of
Knighthood that are or have beens and of Honours and Dig-
nities, Ecclefiattical, Civil or Military. Tiuftrated with 296
Devices on Cop: er. The who‘e defigned to make that Science
familiar.” Revifed an! roriected, with a Lettcrto the Pub-
lifher, by Mr. games Cots, Printed for Jer. Bately at the
Dove in Pater Nofier tow. )
x This Day is publifhed (No. 7. for the Month of May,)

{* The general Miftory of the vaft Continent and iflands
of America, commonly cafi'd the Weft-Indies, from the firft
Diteovery thercot’s with the beft acecunts the people could
giv’ of their Antiquitics, Collected froin the origi.:31 rela-
tous cnt to the Kings of Spzin. By Antonio de feriera,
iTitoriographer to his Cathelick Majefty. Tranflatei into
Englth by Captain John Stevens. To be continued monthly:
To be illnftrared' with Cutts, as Occafion shall offer. Printed
for J. Bately in pater nofter row. price 1s

Juft publithed, | .
*{* A true, authentick and impartial Hiftory of the Life
and glorious Actions of the C7ZA of MUSCOVY: From
his ur htohisdeath. Containing, [. an exact account of his
title, defcent, family and iffue. II. His detection of the
fever.1 plots formed agiinft him, arid his punithment of the
confpirators. ILI. Elis wars with the turks, fwedes and po-
landers; and his fuccefsful and unparalleled conquets over
:hofe peonle. IV. Tis Travels into europe, &c. for the irn-
“rovement of 2rts, ‘ciences, military difcipline and naval af-
‘airs, more particularly to germany, holland, .and the courts
of england and france, V. His remarkable fpeech at his
return home. VI. His proceedings againft the Czarowitz his
ion, his nomination of a fucceff::r,: his ficknefS, death and
interment. The whole compiled from the Ruffian, High
Nntceh and french languages, State-papers, and other publick
atnorities. Printed for A. Bettefworthin ater Nofter Row,
G. Strahan; W. Meaiows in Cornhiil;. J. Stagg in Weft-
‘ninfter Hall; af Graves in St. James's Street; S. Chapman
in palit-ma'l; RK. Franklin
in St. martin's lane; T. Elinin
near St. James's Houfe, price ss.

_.,. Lately publifhed, in Latin,
i*f{ Chriftian~ kK eligionis,. five Ecclefiee Anglicance Arti-
culi 39, &c. being a large Commentary of the 39 Articles,’
with proper Citations ‘rom the Greek an: Latin Fathers, il-
loferrting or conirming the fame; as al% from the beft_mo-
dern Writers. ‘Together with Anfwers to moft of the Obje-
clions hitherto mode againit them. ‘The whole done in a ve-
ry cicar and confpicuous Method, andchicay deigned for the
Ufe of young Gentlemen at the Univerfity. By the late Re-
verend Mr. gord. Soid by J. Knapton at the Crown in St.
Paul's Church-Yard, J. Rrotherton at the Bible in Cornhill,
and J: Humtreys in Bartholomew-Lane, behind:the Royal-
Exchange ; at the laft of which Places the Subfcribers Books
are delivered.

This Day is publifhed

the Strand, and J. Jackfon

ifhed (dedicated to the Rt. Hon. Lord Chief
* uftice King) the fecond Edition, of

x* The Kuffian Catechifin, compofed and publithed by Or-
derofthe C7,AR. Towhich is annexed, a fhort Account of
the ChurchGovernment and Ceremonies of the Mufcovites,
adorn'd with Cutts Price 1s. 6d. Printed for W. Mie ‘dows
at the Angel in Cornhill, | Where may be had, juft pub!ith-
ed, for the Ufe of Schools, Exercepta Mifcel'anea ex Proha-
tiffimis Lingur Latin Auctoribus, being a Coileétion from
the beft Clafficks of eafy and ufetnl Pieces of. Morality, &c.
that Boys may begin with the Purity of the Latin Tongue,
which is mired fo their capacities, and. will improve their

ancies and. Judgments for their firft Compofitions. L.
Wotchkis, A. Mo -  e ° pofit By
Juft publiihed (printed a€ the Defire of the. Mafters of the

nx Benchof the two H n Societies of the Temple)

* The Wife and Intent of Prophecy, in the feveral Ages
of the World, in fix Difcourfes, delivered at the Temple
Church, in Apriland May, 31924. To wh chare added, three
Differtations, I. The Authority of the fecond Epiffle of Sr.
Peter. IX. The Senfe. of the Ancients befoie Chiift, tpon
the Circumftances and Confeauences of the Fall. . The
lefiin 1 y Tho. Sherlock, D. D. Dean
of Chichefter,.and Matter ofthe Temple. Printed for J. Pem-
berton against St. Dunftan’s Church. in Fleet-Street,

~

“cures the ES

in Covent Garden; J. Harding |

-<ICKY DICKIN°ON from SCARBOROUGH SPAW,
continues yet at the Hole in the Wali. oppotice to Lin-
coli$: Inn Gate, 1m Chancery Lane, where he is avvays $1
Readincfs to receive the Subferiptions of fis wortpy Viens
for his-Piature, which wi : {ceedily be printed ot, tie Copper
Plate being already engray'd vy Mt. Vertue. oo
Ifany Chairmen ate willingto Zo to Seabcrough during tes
Prorogation of Parliament, he will give tie ihert Paihige hy
Sea, gratis, and al! ficcing Enccuragemen:, i* they then pie-
per to treat witiihim.

~ | HENRY COX; living acxt

. Sign of the -Fatcon gi

SF Tavern in Holborn, baving, by a eve
yer Sold: which feil into iny eyes, Inft wy
Sight, infgmuch that ¥. did nevir expe;t 1 thould ey Us
brought to fee again ; but happily was advifed to take UF.
of hire. Cuter; who, not only at firft Siz£. to my no frat.
Confort, told me [ was curable, and a}f “14, under srs 1 per
form tie fax.e inasthort a Time ascend be expecta: an.
this f do for no other Inte.:t but for ‘:e Cond and Beuent «
thofe w.o ay meet with the like Adifction: The Wid sxirs
Cater fill iives in Caftle courts Birchin-lare, er the sign of tie
Hand and “ive. oy kn aes

Note, Sh> cures without any Intrament; ondshe itAlioiy
without the leaft Graiu o: Cortex, ov thet
they call the Jefuits Bark. Priez ss, the Vial. No Letters.
reccived except Poft paid, ~~ mo
YULAPIUM ASTHMATIC®M, orthe Aftamatict ‘2.

lep, wh'chis known by many ‘Years fs vericace to be: _
¥ vertiirg Medicine in old obfunate Aftina’s, whole ia "on.
cating Fit it putso¥ ina moment; it giv s 1 per’est 7 clint
in ftraining lab-rious Coughs that are wiarri ally tre be.
fome night and morning ; ‘tis a. moft exce:nt Remedy for
fhortnefs of Breath upon unymotion, and in trearhirg th
Difficulty, ftraightnefs of the Breatt, wita noarfeneis and
wheefing. Nothing exceeds this admirable Jive, for os open-
ing the bronchial Du::s. and pneamoni-k Patloges, If uci.c-
tratesin the inmoft Receffes of the Lungs, ‘and ticre met: .£
with tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Phieg::. fo attests,
divides, moves and worksit, that by cougning and fpiccing it
expectorares and throws up all fiich matter wit the groaceik
Eafe and Pleafire, tnereby cledan‘ing and freeing th: Uree%
and:Lungs, when ftuffed upand clogged with a ieivy Lead, and
fo prevents Confumptions, Ulcers or the Lungs,&c. Tote,
Itisa fate and plealant Medicine ; to be taken by fprontv’s,
according to the printed Uirections, without tie Ieaft Confine-
ment, ordanger of catching Cold. Tobe.had at Mr. George
Strahan’s at the Golden Rall over agaiiftthe Royal Exchange,
Cornhill, and at noother Place. Prices. 64.

Againt the VENE REAL DISEASE. .-|-
THLE famous ‘Italian BOLUS, has fo great Succefs in
the Cure of the Venereal Difeafs, that not one of the
great Numbers that daiiy take it miis of a perfect Cure ; and
though fo very cheap as 2$. 6d. each, yet fout Bolufles never
tail to root out and carry off the moft malignant, virulent,
and obttinate kind of the venereal Difeafe, witout Con‘fne-
ment, or making your Cafe knowa to any 3 which, ifit fails
to do, the Money isreturned.: This great Medicine likewife
deftroys Mercury, and carries it out of the Boly, and thereby
relieves thofe unfortunate Perfons who have fallen into bad
Hands in former Cures. Is:to be had only at the Flaming
Sword the corner of Ruffel-Streer, over againft Will's Coftee
Fo’ fe, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Place is Coun-
rerieit. :

Leétuarinm Mirabile: Or, the Admirable Eleétuary,

which infallibly cures: atl Degrees and -Symptoms of the
fecret Difeafe, with. more Eale, Speed and Safety .thgn any,
Meilicine , yet. publifhed; any old- Running, bcc. though of
feverai Years franding, whether occafioned y an over-ftrain;
Weaknefs of the Seminals, or the Relfts of a former Infecti-
on, is perfectly cured in a fhort Time, without 2 minutes

Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Use of Aftringents; being 2
Medicine fo wonderfully pleafene and eafy in it¢ Operations
that the niceft Palate, or weakefe Conftution,: may take 10 —
with Delight : ‘Two Pots are generally fifficient to compleat
a Cute in moft Cefes. Tobe bad only of the Authot Dr.Cam,
1 graduate Phyficiany who has pudlified it 2e fhears,. dnd is
conftantly to be advis’d with qt his tioufe at the Golden Ball
and Lamp, in Bow Churchyard in Cheapfide, at half'a Guinea
the Pat. oy .
W. Rayner, Surgeon, -living at the blne Pefts in Priton’s
Yari, the lower end of the minories, the name Rayner and
golden Ball hanging over the Gate, near Little Tower Hill.
Ath a Speedy and fate cure for the pox or clap, with allits
H various fymptoms, by his famous chymical drinky being
pleafant in tafte, yet effectual in curing that dangerous difeate
which has been the ruin.of hundreds by. falling into urrskilf
hands. Icure (under God) the moft inveterate poz, in three
weeks at fartheft, as‘ulcersin the throat, loft palate, finking
of the nofe, phymofis, paraphymofis, fhankers, pocky. warts,
‘buboes, or fwelling in any part. If yout body be full of ulcers
and fcabs, ina few days I remove all thofe heterogenous par-
‘ticles, tdking-away all pains in the head, fhoulders, and think
bones, fo that this falubrioris liquor reftofes the body to perfect
health. . They that have made tryal of it wonder at the cures
‘it performs. Thoft who have newly got a-ciap; may entirel
depend ona éuré by.takitg two or three dofes of my venercal
‘pills or boluffes, without hindrance of bufncfsy or it ey
known to the neareft relation or bedfellow. JZ fhall not we
wany invitations, bit rather leave you to make expamience,
which is beyond all argument. jna ward, let your condition
be neverjfo bad; diftruft not, tor I prom#e tery air Ne cure Ao
money. Ido any thingin Surgery. My pil's and bolufies are
ufefil for fea and land, which I have always ready by mes
Note, there's a light at My door in an eVEDINg. © 7

ft che Vinee

 Mr. Mift

RY AVIN G receivéd the following Letter from ty Friend
_in-che Country, ‘in Favour of one of the aobleft Mcdi-
cenes in the World; { defire you will publith it for the Be-

nefit of Aiankind, having my, felf likewife, and many o: my

Acquaiitauce, iong exp ertt c
certcinly thé mit effectual Cure for the Cholick, expellin
Wind in any part of the Body, and all Sorts of fharp an

cotroimg Humours, healing the Bowels, and reftoring the.
Coats of the Steunuch to their proper Toné, by removing all

crude and indigefed wwiatter, creating Appetite, and cauting
new Healzit aid Vigour, It] kewife peventsthe Gout from
eatrins .nto the Heat ot Stomach. Now firft made publick,
andin the Lands of"4 near Re‘ation pt the Doéstor who firft
prcpared it, and cilledy TUE ROYAL CORDIAL TINC-
TURE. Sold only by Mr. V. Grimfted- at the Black Swan
jn St, Paul’s Chech-:. ard 3 at -virs, Cooper’s Toythop, the
Corner of Charles Court: in the Strand, and by the Maker,
at the Green amp in Swallow-Street, over-againft the Sad-
Jers Arms. Price 3s. 6d. And at the Green Lamp in Swal-
lew-S rect, isalfo fold, the trus Holt Water for all fcorbu-
tick Hnncurs. 7

r7 EK you now prefent at my Writing this, you would
be fusoriz’d at the Change fo fhort a ‘Tne has made,
from that lans:uthing Condition in which you laft faw me,
Which [ know net wat to attribute to (under God) bur the
Ufe of that noble Covdiul you ws pleafed to rec mn.end co
me. [hed not ufed 't i:x Times till I fouad my felf pertecr-
ly at Eafe, and any new ouite free from chofe racking Pains,
whica made Lifea Barthed to ne, and almoft reftor’d to my;
for roy Styergth and Apnetice, which to one fo far gone, 1s
Tex toa Miracle. J heave vecoumended it to all my Friends
Or2, fovercl of whom hove tasc. if with great Succefs, for
Worent Sis of the Cholick and Pauics ‘0 *he Head aad Sto-
mich. £ thins te is great Pity Jo foverugn a Medecine
foul’ Se kepr fem che Publick: I defire you to make what
Tft ov ceafe cf this, and acanow.edge my felf, SIR,.
Sands, April 7, 1725. ours, J. Davis.

> J the HUNGARY WATER WA"E-

HOUSE, at the Biack Roy and Comb,
i a Combuyiasers, the Corner of fell-Savage-
i Lan on Ludgate-Hiil, is fold right French
| tlungary Water, in ‘arge half @int dint Bot-

her >

‘
“% at

i ties, being the fame Sort fo'd at the fuid
booth SEAMS HP Place feveral Years paft, : r rather better, be
po. A RE Ser ing a frefh Parcel, ant diftinguiihes it felt
from the pernicious counter-cit -ort fold cbout tneTown ; fi:ft,
by its tine Flavour; fecon il -, by i's turaing ®’ater as white as
Aik, and it you ft a =peonasul on Wire with a lighted Paper.
gt “il burn dry, wvacreas the counter.eit -ort has none of
thefe Qualities, by reafon th? Materials in “raace are much
Letter thin in thete No athera C inates: Morcover, the true
french is always at the finie Place, and no where elf ; andthe
wunterfeit is fir put to one “hom to fell, but ss foon as it is
foun out, ict isremovei, and io'd at another, with a freih Ad-
verti meat, of a Parcel jnft arrived from Montpetier,
Note, Beware of Countericits.

Thefe are to i form the Fem1'e Sex,
Tt the geut’ewoman at the golen-bailon puddle dock
hill, near the weft end of =t. pant's church, hath atesiad
to a very certain, fue, and expeditious Wiy of curing the
many weaknefies and in tipo?

irions peculiar to thofe of her
own fex; fueh as barren ef and mifcirsiage in married
women 5 the green ficknef in maids, and many other grie-
veus TNnefles gaat married women, widows and maids are
fubject to, too tedirus here to relate. _ .

n a little difcourfe with the patients, fhe judges of their
cafes ana cawes of iilaefes, whctherir be barrenef&, which
hath many nown curable caiues 5 the diftinét knowledge of
which fhe is miftrefs ; feveral of which caufes are little re-
‘garded, or not known to the patients, therefore thought in-
curable ; or whetaer mifeaniage, tho’ they have milcaniied
many times, both which the cures, through the bleffing of
Gol, by a very extraordinary method of exceeding fafe and
abfolutely e®eciual for a 2 I
ladies and gentlewomen of the beft note in the kingdom, in
the above-mentioned faditpofitions pecu'iar to the fex. “She
is to be advifed with at her houfe above-mentioned, any day
of the wec:. She alfo anfwers cafes ftated in letters fent

from the couatry, poft piid.-

Jufr. publifhed, the fecond Edition, correéted, of

*s* A new Theory cf CONSUMPTIONS: More efpeci-
ally ofa pntiiis, or confimption o‘the lungs: whcrein after
a brief hifcor'y of the diftemper, its various fymptoms through-
ott its feveral degrees, and every minute ftep it takes, from
its firft invading the patient, to its final termination, enqui-
ry is mide concerning the prime, eflential, and hithe:to
accomnted inexplicable caufe of thar difeafe, fo very epidemick
to this Nation, and generally fatal to thofe it feizes on.
‘With an account o* the great number of medicines, and

Werlous methods of exre recommended for confumptions, and.
the citterent opinions ofanthors concerning them. Alfo the
prifidilitv ofhealing ulcers in the lungs afierted, the ftrongeft
objections againftit anfwer’d, and a different and more pro-
bable method of cure advanc'd, than commonly practis’d,.
Likewile direclins about eating, drinking, fleeping, exercife,
and way of living in gencral, proper for confumptive perfons.

naplock, at
4 | ell at the
Crofs ixeys and Rible in Cornhill; J. Hooke at the Flower
de Lucsagainft St. Dunitan’s.Church in Ficet Street, andC. f
Ling at the Juige’s Head in- Weftminfter Hall. Price 3s. 6d. »and two Lamps in Bell-Savage

By Benjamin Martin, M. D. Printed for 8.
the Rifhap’s Head in St. Paul’s Church Yard; W.

leaced its fovereign Vertues. ‘It is

contiguous, and known fo, by the feeds being thin, waterith,

the North Entrancz of the Koyal-Exchange, ove.-againft Bar-
tholonew-Lane, Myr. Stewart Bowyer, Bookfeller, under Ald-
git? Churea over-agantt the Slinsries, Mr. Fan, Yruthmaker
in St. .viary Ax.

Bottle, with vrinted izirectious acw to ule it. — \
elfewhere cannot be depended on, being counterfeited.

A

prepared merenrials, gicets, or weak
ill-manzged cures of the Venereal
lucion,
fron wrene.es, ftrains, ,
ons -n the urinary paflages, even ftranguaries, ulcers, &c. are
perfectly cure: by it, b

noble fpecinek is alfo of
ant efficacy, where there is any grave], or even {mall ftones,

line, } ‘

all away in a few times taking,
and, rec.vers, after a peculiar manner

thereby perfects the cure to admiration. It’s a very pleafaat

erect cure on great numbers of

| tioned.

‘the Misfortune and Decay
Liredtions for its Ufe, only at his

The mdft noble cleanfing and fieligthening Elixir,
_, the only medicine in the world,

OR gleets and weaknefies, the bane of virility in the one

fex, and déftroyer of fertility in the other, whether proceed-
ing from the fecret difeafe, or inovdinate coition, or felt pol:
lution, (which fpoils all our youth, by nipping their man-
hood.in the bn) or trom falls, blows, fcrains, wrenches, hard
labours, mifcaiyiages, or other cafes; which drain, dry up,
and. wither, as. ’twere, the generative faculties, and caule
impotency in men, and barrennef$ in women, and in the
long run (by impoverifhing the blood and fpirits)‘melanchotly,
vapours, decays of nature, and confumptions. No medicine
can be more pleafant to take, nor any thing upon earth more
effectual for the purpofe ; for let the imbcci ity he ever fo
great, or of cver fo long‘ftanding, and beeither in the back,
or fpermatick veffels, with pain or without, it certainly cures,
by reviving and enriching the blood and fpirits, comforting,
nourifhing, fiengthing, an.i reftoring the reins and genital
paitsin both ‘exes, how much foever weaken'd, render’d cold,
or deadned, and bringing them to their natural force, warmth,
and vigour; which no lotion or injection can poffibly do, as
the feat of thefe maladies is chiety in the feminals, or parts

ond fometimes yellowifh, and confequently to be out of the
seach of topical applicaticns: All diforders of the urine, as
difficulty in the maxing or retaining it, or its dribbling away
hot and fnarting, or foul, flimy, airy or ftinking, are like-
wife foeediiy cured by it, and the watcr made to be held_as

fcrongly, and biought away as freely, eafily, ful ftreamed

and cle:r as ever. Price 5s.abottle. Sold only (feal’d up
with direStions how to.take it) at iv.r.If{ted’s, Bookieller, at

the golden ball between St. dunftan’s chure’) and chancety-}},

line end in flect-ftieet. Ask only for a 5s. bottle of elixir,
and diest Ietteis forthe author of the ecixir. .

Note, The wondertul efficacy, and delignt:ul Tafte of this
great’medicine, asnowimproy"d, and its keening (as it wil!)

time out of mind, in any climate, hes encourag’d captains
of thips, aniothers, to take quant ties of it aboard, where

they have fold it for more than three timesits price.
HE beft Water in the World, {) call’d by thofe who have
experienced it to befo forthe Itch, or ony iiching Lin-
mours. it hath been taken iawardly tor the ning’s-Evi, It
is good to cure fire Eyes, or any other Sores, Uncers, or Fi-
ftulas; it has preferved feveral from baviag their Limbs cut of,
when ali other Means have faiied. Sold by the Perfon that
makes it, at the Sign of the Green Vanifter next to the Dog
and Bear innat f.ondon Wall near Little Moregate, who is
the Original and only Peifon that caa make it. Sold by -vit.
Gouge -at the Caftie in Weftminfter-Hall, Mr. Kadford’s
Toyihan at the Roft and Crown over-againft St. Clement’s
Churen-Yard in the Strand near Arundel-ftreet, Mr. Raw's at

Price +s. 6d. each

B. It has no S.nell.
What is fold

N.

The Grand Specifick for cleanfing aud ftrengthning the
eins, &c.

Medicine that may be depended on as abfolutely effectual

for carrying off by Urine, fa’ely and fpeedily, all the

Kelicks of fecret Injurics, Remains 0? pernicious unskilfully
nefles, through tedious or

D.fezfe 5 or from felt-po-
inoriisate coition ; alfoany weakneiles of the Vefiels
blows, or fil!s, and all other obftrnéti-

be they of ever fo long ftanding, This
fingular and very extraordinary ule

or any other matter that obftructs the urine; bringing
with fafety. It frengthens
all relaxations of the

vefiels, confirms the parts, bringing all into right order, and

medicine, and may be taken with pleafure, and will be found
of nncommon benefit to mankind, beyond expectation ;
whichis the reafon of its being made publick, and to obvi-
ate the ignorance of pretenders in all the ¢afes above-men-

ne bottle, in moft cafes, is fufficient for a perfeét
cure, as you will fee by the directions given with it. Sold for
7s. 6d. the bottle at Mr. Lockton’s toyfhop at the Griffin,

the corner of bucklersbury in the poultry.

- WRIGHT's Dinretick, or cleanfing Tincture.

Wich urinally difcharges all the feces or putrid relicks of
the Lues Alamode, or Venereal Infection, and caufes

its Concommitants, the wretched Train of that complicated
Diftemper, asa mucous, filthy, fanious Matter lodg’d in the
Reins, or fpermatick Parts, which either caufe a fharpnefs in
the U:ine, or too frequently provokesit. This Relick is
difcoverable, partly by the fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a
Debility or Weaknefs of the Back, a fetid nauftous, and
averting Smell of the Urine, with a purulent Matter, or
feculent Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or fying in it, with
Variety of Figures, Farther, this Tincture efpecially carries
off all Relicks of the Venereal Diftafe, after ill managed
Cures, not only clcanfing the Urinary Paflages of all Sand,
Gravel, Films, or membraneous Pellicles, &c, but after a
fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftoring them, and
all their genital Parts, to their original Tone and Ufe, though
be of the longeft Date, with an e-
al Succefs in each Sex. To be had for ros. per Bottle, with
Houfe, the Golden Head

Yard on Ludgate Hill.

commended from one friend to another;

and virtues, which moft
things premifed have been ineffectual,
fmall time, without confinement, by attenuating and open-
ing the globules of the lungs dried up, and all paffages ob-
ftructed by humours dripping thereon, occafioned by hard rie
ding, colds, &c. It caufe

newing its force, vigour and length, as well as ever; thofe
only alittle touch’d it cures immediately, as alfo all coug
colds, wheefings, &c. being alfo excellent in preventing
ny other diftempers, by maintaining, preferving and conti-

cal liquor, which in the moft packing
and pertectly frees the patient from al
thofe pains fo much like thecholick,

jSoho Square,

., _ The chymical! Liquor for the Hair, ~
Ww Hich gradually changes red, grey, or Hair of
. difagrecable Colour, whether of the Head or Eyc-brows, ’
nto any Degree of a Brown, or, by obferving the Direétiong

given with each Bottle, into the moft beautitul Black in Na="
) C for the Coe-
lour will for cver remain as lively as it it naturally grew f-

ture, that neither Time nr Weather can alter;

It has, with a general Satis‘astion to the World, been {: :
ten Years by Nir. Lockton, only, at the Griffin, the Comments
Buckler’s-Bury, in the Poultry, where a Lock of Hair may be
feen that was itain’d with it bofore it was firt expos'd to fale,
Price half’ a Guinea a Rottle. Li it does not prove infallible,
return the Liquor, and the \:oney fhallbe repaid. Where fF
alfo fold, Tie fovereign Secret for diffoiving the ;s TONE and
cxpelliag the GRA‘/EL, being an approved Specifick with
ample Directions, Price 2s. 6d, a Bottle, 7

. _. The Royal BEAUTIFYING FLUID.
W Hich Vaftiy trinfcends any thing ever yer made publics
and is ieally the nodleft fecret in natur: to deauti-y cle
Neck and Hands, as moft of the firft Quality hive exe
perienced ; for it gives an inexpreifible hne air to the teae
tures of the face on the {pot, and furprii:ng handfomenefs to
the neck and hands, on which laft account feveral gentlemen
as well as ladies ufe it, «nd admire its fuperior exceileney, it
being indeed far beyorid any pafte, powder, wathbal!, or aay
other thing whatever, for linmediately making ared or rough
hand exceedingly {inoozh, tine and delicately whit2, it cer
tainly takes away all difageeable rednefs, fpots, impleg
heats, roughnefs, freckles, morphew, wouns in the race,
Sunburn, or any other difcolour.ng, alineft in an inftant 5
and removes all. wrinkles fo per‘e_tly, 2s not only to conce
nt even to rectify the defects of old age, making the Skin
become fo truly and incomparably finc, clear, piunp, foft
and charming fair, as to caufe admiration in all perfons ; and
yct Js nothing of paint, but far esceeds it, for it brings the
{kin, whether of the fice; neck or hands, and tho’ brown
red or rough, to its natural beiuty and pertestion, viz. 2
lafting youthiul trirae&, finoothne:s an delicacy, which
paint only faintly imitates, ‘ncither 1s this royal beautifier
prepared from the leait particie of mercury or any thin
metalline, but is perfectly inicczent and harmlefs, and may be
given inwardly, even to chuldien. It his 2 a pleafant feent,
will not foil the fineft lawn, andisf> tar froin being trouble-
fome to ufe, that the niceft ladies think it pleafant. isto be
had only at Mr. xadlford’s Toy-nop, at ihe sofe and Clown
againft St. Clement’s Church Yard in the Strand, near
Arundel Street End, at 3s 6d. a iottle with Dire@ions,
Beware of Counterfeits under other Names.

An infallible Remedy for broken winded Horfes,
Te hath been publithed and fo'd for many years before
any counterfeits in other forms appeared; and highly
Di the vaft quantities
that have been fold, doth alfo verity the truth of its efficacy
perfectly cures them, after many
to a wonder, in a

Face,

s prefently a free peripiration, re=

bs,
ma-

nuing a good breath ; and, ina word, by this medicine alone,
many Horfes have been made fo perfectly found, and have

been fold for ro or 221. which being broken winded could not
betore be fold for 3 or 41. is fold at Mr. Lockton's toyfhop at
the Griffin, thecorner of bucklersbury in the poultry, at 4s,
6d, the quart bottle, with directions.

N infallible Cure for the STONE and GRAVEL, whe-
ther in the reins or bladder, by an incomparable chymi-
fits gives inftant eaft
pains in the back, an
dilates the urete
makes them flippery, that finalftones and gravel may paf$

fromthe reins to be voided vifibly with urine, without pain 5

cleanfes the kidneys, bladder, and all! the urinary eg

from flimy calculous matter, ceitainly takes off all heat.

pain and froppage of urine, and abfolutely breaks and diflolves

all large {tones (poffible to be diffolved) whether in the

kidneys or bladder, fo as entirely to cure the diftempers:
affvredly prevents the frone in thofe that are troubled only
with gravel, and for all diforders of the reins and bladder, -
cannot be parallel'd. Is fold only at Jacob's Coffee-honfe }
againft the Angel and Crown Tavern in Threadneedle Street,

behind the Koyal-Exchange, at 3s. 6d. a bottle, with

Directions, .
Juft publifhed new Editions of the following Books.
: AN Account of the PLACE where the
Nightingale, Swallow, Cuckow, Field-
fare, Woodcock, and other Birds of Paflage
Go and Refide, when Abfent from us. (A.
Curious Treatife.) Alfo the GOUT, the
Weaknefs, and Secret Patient’s DIARIES.
% Being eacha Practical Journal from Day to
DG Day whilft a Perfon has the Secret Diftaf,
or 2 GLEET, or the GOUT, upon then. ;
Thefe Books are all GIVEN GRATIS Up OnePairof Stairs
at the Celebrated Anodyne NECKLACE, Recommended by
Dr. Chamberlen for Children’s Teeth without Temple-Bar. Af
Mr. Jeremiah Pain’s Toyfhop in_Pope’s Head-Ally in Come
hill, right over-againft the Royal-Exchange. And by R. Brad
fhaw (the Authog's Servant) againit Sutton-Street End *by-

LONDON: Priated by N. AIST, inG feat-Carter= Lane.

any other.

w.
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 22 May 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786071/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 