ba

-
+s

5 OV are better able to judge than
Sry. me, whether the following usdi-
an. pefted Thoughts deferve a Place
4 im your- Paper or -not..
_ Mufick is fo generally approv’d
AREA of in England, that it is look’d
upon-a want,of Breeding not to be affe&ed by it,
infomtich that every. Member of the Beas Monde at
this Time either do, or, at leaft, think ir neceflary.
to appear as if they did underftand it ; and, in
‘order-te carry on this Deceit, it is requifize every
‘one, who has the Pleafure of thinking himfelf a
fire Gentleman, fhould, being firft laden with a
Competency of Powder and: Effence, make his
perfonal “Appearance every Opera Night ‘ac the
Haymarker, tho’ not le(: ignorant-of the Perfor-
mance-than of the Language it. is perform’d in.

_)
{-

Ido not mean to exclude every one who hath not
Judgment in this Science, from the “Enjoyment.

of ir, but would ifiply, that were it equally fa-
fhionable to have our Operas in Englifh, thele
‘Gentlemen might find, at Icatt, as good an En-
itertainment. . - eC
‘ Eaman old Stagerin this Art, and tho’ I have
the Diffacisfaion of Seeing the Viel, to which I
have: ferv'd a thirty. Years Apprenticeship, exclu.
mur modern, yet am [fo obitinare ro think ir has
rms, a4 fe far from approving of this Way
of eétftsing Mufick to two or three Inftuments,
thar? Tthisk, a certain Mafter defervestt.c Thatiks

“of tH@ mafical Wortd-for-introducing, in ene uf

His 2XOOperas, the Welfi Harp, which, for-ma-
ny Reafons, merits‘great Enconragement, giving
to the Performer a peculiar Grace; and, as itis
compleat, fo in Harmony to none’ inferior. ;
: ho’ I am this old fafhion’d Lover, yct I-can-
not but acknowledge our prefent Operas give mo
vatt Delight, whither I often go and wait conten-
ted, if myearly coming will attord me a firft. Row.

Gn the Gallery, the Pic being an Extyavagancé
~too weighty for my Pucker, and, if I may judge

frgin two or three Ladies of my Acquat‘ance

_ Cwhofe cénftant Attendanee draws them, I fear,
-dftto fome Inconvenience,) for abundance, who
‘Appear there very gay, tho’ they don't sell know

where to match the-half Guinca they -cxpénded
for their Ticket. | : |
“fn the-midft of thofe Raptures. which the two
firft Songfters give me, I ever fecl afore of Re.
Yenttnent rife that‘damps my former Satisfaction,
‘proceeding from the Fondnefs which I have for
Murick, and the Love I bear my Country : When

I eonfider on what Foot-we meer aca Royal A-~

cademy, where one might juftly think of finding
the fweereft Voices our Nation could ptaduce, |
whereone might hope to hear our choiceft In-
fruments in friendly Emulation at once conten-
ding and improving 3 would not the Difappoint-
tnent make owe {mile to meet with no Performers
but Italians on our Stage, whilft che Orcheitra

fearcely would an Engliiman ? -
* Since Mufick now is rais’d to fuch Perfefion
here:; fince England now may boaft the greateft
Genius of the World, whom fhe may eall her
own, fitto prefide at this Academy (glorioufly
defign'd, bow much, alas, mifus’d fince nothing
bur a Name!) “tis pity fure we fhould remain but
Tribytaries itill to Rome :-Were this Fund em-
ploy’d.in chufing out, inftru&ing and adapting,
for the Stage, our fiueft Woices, ticy might keep

=>

4.4 ~ 24 —“~ F aie : ' , ‘ :
e . vv, - : - ary .’
- $ bd T

~

back an the.other Sidé the ps, their Mulick,. we
in this fle our Golde 2 5 ek,
To hire Voices from abroad at an immenfe

_Expence, from’ Year to Year, when our, Nation

might,.at half the Charge, fupply us.with.a. ne-
ver-faling Stock; and had choy juft.Encburage-
ment,: in x0 Refpeét inferior, is as abfurd as if a

Man fhould pay, for a {mall Term of Years in an

Eftate, -a greacer Sum: than what would buy th¢
Frechald. . ot ae

_ Being on this Subjc&, ‘ig may not be improper |. 1

here to add a Word concerning what our Mea of
the high Tafte dire-fo mich, pleas’d wih, what is
call’d a:Manner in Playing, fince it has given me
fo. frequently Offence ; and this is changing, for
hew:much the worfe.is. nor material, the. whole
Piece fet before one, and; avoiding, as a Barba-

--rifm..in Mufick, thé playing.one Note:as the Com-
pofer.hag defign'd:it: Now, tho’ there may be fome .

additional Beauties thrown into a.Commpofition by
a skilful Hand, yer for each Novice to obtrude
his Whims into a. Work of fuch a Matter as Co-
relli, isng lefs modeft than if Mr. —— thé
Coach-Pafnter, fhould atrempr 16 tduch up a
Curtooh of ‘Raphael. To.hear an clegant and-la-
bour’d ‘Pi¢ce.of Harmony contriv’d, by its Solem-
nity, to introduge the Hebter Air with Force and
Beauty, mangied’ and fibdivided at the Caprice
of every ignorant Pretender, brings to my Mind
the Simile cf an arch Friend of mince, who .¢om-
pard this fore of Player to the cleanly Woman
ehar fvcp: fomechi g: Cats fox. Decency fake,
Ifhall forbéarto Nanie) -aboutther Houle tifl the-
had loft it ; and Lfhould willingly affign to ithe
ingenious Pes former the: fame Reward, for his un-
feafonable Vivacity, thac the Kisg’of Pegand con-
ferr'd on the late fainous Luranift Mr. Abel, for his
i}!-tim'd. Sullennefs. | _

. Young Gentleman, who travell’d laft Week
‘£% from Ipfwich co Londsa, having read your Pa-
per of the. 13th of November lait, purfuant to rhe
Advice theicin given for travelling, equi pp'd
himfelf'in a Red Suit, and came up in the Stage
Coach. An Accident happening, by following
yuur Counfel, which had lik’d to have ‘colt him
his Breeches, makes me trouble you with chis Ad-

-drefs ; if it makes you laugh, or you fhou’d think

‘twill aey way afford the Icaft Diverfion to the
Town, it will then have done its Duty,

Befides himfelf there was another Gentleman,
with his Sifter, and three more of the Female
Sex in Company. When they came to the Ino
at Night where the Coach put up, after they had
refrefh'd themfelves with a pretty handfome Sup-
per, every onc were for retiring ta Refk; and ac-
cordingly the Ladies repair’d ro rheir Appart-

ments provided for-them, and the Gentlemen ina

Room by themfelves; which heing very , large,
and having «a good Fire Place init, theyall a-
greed to breakfaft there together before they fet
orward on their Journey. In the Mornirg the

Cotice was broughr,. and every one met as :ippoin~.

ted, but his Hordvr, having often repeated ieveral
due Dofes'¢f tle never failing Procuver of PReft a
Sleep, cou'd nor perfuade Morpheus to remove his
leaden Plgrumiets from his Eyé-Lids fo fgon, and
therefore refolv’d co ride Poftaiter the Coach and

overtake them at the Place where they! were'to |
“Ho | Reading

ot |

KLY JOURNAL... ome gal

172565

nd | drefs'd’ their Eleor,, che: King of To

r
-
Po

. 3
e

“To ‘be fhart, in thé Hurry, whilft every ote

‘were catching ‘up their Appurtenances, and feat-

ing therifelves in the Learthern Conveniency, one

of the Ladics, who travell’d in a red Camblet

Riding-Hood, haftily takes’ up His ” Homcxr’s

-Breccheg, which was made of the fame Siuff, in-

é

ftead of. the Cap. The Jeft was not Found ott
dill ic was Day, fogn after which the Gentleman

join'd.us, who miffing. his Breeches, and finding
the Head of the Lady's Hood in their Place guefs'd ©
went, and was forced to make the: Htad

of the Huad ferve inflead of Breeches = =.
_. However,, it furnifh’d them with a good déal of
Mirth when. he jotn’d Company again, and very
much-eas'd:the Burden of the Journey, by occw
figning many. an innocent merry. Tale, anfong

which the Story of the Nun and-Fryar was not 6<~-

mitted ; and all anticipated the Diverfion twou'd
ive ro them in particular to {ee is. in your Week-..
ly Paper, which if you think proper to commmy-
nicate, be pleafed ta pur this: in a- berter Drelj;
and you'll highly oblige the GZonel and the iwhold
Stage Coach Regtingnt. . lam, Sir, with.all due
Refpe&, your conitant Reader ond well Withers

_
° '-

FORBRIGN AFFAIRS. °
_ They write from Antwerp, that at the general
Court of the Flemifh Bat-India ‘Company Jarely
held there, fuch Refolutions were taken as -huve
rais'd the Price of their Stotk to, cwelve per Cent.
above Par.—As firft, ic is agreed-to fend two:Ships
this-Year to China, and.rwo..toBengal, and aie
five more to Surat and Mocha; thar is,.dn Cate
fo many can be fitted out in due Seafon. s—~ The
Proje& of the Whale and the Herring Fifhery‘ was
rejeGted, or rather deferr'd for fome more conve-
nient Time; for asthe Company is going upoR
fome other'Proje&s of more immediate Confe-
quemce to their Service, they though fit to lerchig -
ref, as rot judging it prudent to undertake too
many Affairs at-once. For firft ic is refotved ta
mike a new Settlement at Bengal, the general
Direftion of which is to be given to one Mri
Humes a Scotchinan, who was one of the firft Su-
percargoes when this Trade was underaken on
the private Account, they fay fome extraodinary,
Encouragements are to be given him, and chat ha
is to engage himfelf for three Years in the Comi«
pany’s Service. The Settlement of Goblon, of.
the Coaiton Cormondcl, beyun-by she Chevalier >":
de Moregil, is alfo to be continued, who is to ber: ~
defray’d all his Expences. -—~ They add, thag .”
two Slips are arrived at Ofténd, built-ar kagns
don for the Service of this Coripany. -
We hear from Vienna,. that the ‘Téeaty of
Trade and Commerce is fign’d bétwixe the Eine:
peror, the King of Spain, and Xing of: Portugal
the Articles of which are not yet made publick;
however it is owing to fome Advantages procured.
in this Treaty for-the Netherland EafteIndig _
Company, . that they have taken. a Re(olutign of
trading to the Spanifh Weft Indies. a
We are advifed from Drefden-in Sazon Ve pial aa

grant-them Jome further Privibeges, bar: <
thew. his.. Impartial-ty for all Religtons, (pam

the Roman Carholicks

4
nt F>
ote

fus’d them; However, that the Proreftane Oe

of Saxony..had Orders: ta. hold thenifck A ¥-
us to ‘march ta Poland; in Ordex tot 7

oh: .
“3 he
 weet. OU are better ableto-judge than:
Reiger. me, whether the following undi-

ESA s - geffed, Thoughts deferve a Place
2 in your-Paper or not. oe,
a Mufick is:fo. generally approvid
WROEeSA of in Bugland, that ic is look'd
upen-a want.of Breeding: not to be affected by ir,
finfonach thut dvery Member of the Beau Mozde.at

this Time either do,or, at leuft, chink ir neceffary_

tO uppear as if ‘they did underftand it ; and, in
‘order-to carry on tiis Deccit, ‘it ts requifize.cvery

‘one, who has the Pleafure of thinking -himfelf a

- Fre Gentleman, Mould, -being firft- laden with a
Competency of Powder and:-Effence, make his
perfonal ‘Appearance every Opera Night ‘ac the

mance-than of the Language. it- is. perferm'd ‘in,
"Ido not mean to exclude every one who bath not

Judgment in this Science, front thesEnjoymant,

of ir, but would iiply, that were it equally fa;
‘fhionable to- have our Operas in Englif, thele
‘Gentlemen might find, at Icait, as good an En-
itertainment. — - a ey

“Fam an old -‘Stager-in this Art;- and tho’ I have

dhe DiffatisfaGion of feeing the Viel, cto which I
have! ferv'd.a thirty. Years Apprenticetfhip; ‘exclu.

—« Sekbanr madern, yet am Ifo abitinate ro think irhas
Ste GRitts, ar to far from approving of rhis Way
ot ‘cif ing Mufick to two or three Inftuments,
Thiitk, a.certain Mafter defervest}.e Thanks

| HisTBVOO perds, tthe Welfi Harp, which, for-mae

ny, Reafons, merits great Encopragemtnt, giving
to the Performer a peculiar Grace; and, as itis
compleat, fo in Harmony to none: inferior, ~~~
- ho’ I am this old fathion’d ‘Lover, yet. I -ean-
nor but acknowledge -our prefent Operas give mo
watt Delight, whither I often go and wait conten-
‘ved, if my early cdnting will atford me a firft. Row
in: the. Gallery, the Pic being-an Extyavagancé
~tod weighty for my’ Pueket, -and,. if 1 may judge
froin two or three Ladies of my Acquai‘ance
Cwhofe cénftant Attendanee draws ‘them, I fear,
ifko fome Inconveniencc,) for abundance, who
“Appear there very gay, tho’ they doti‘t well know

where ‘to match thehalf Guinca they’-expénded

fortheir Ticket.2 9° 0 shy
Tfn'the-midft of thofe Raptures. which the two
firft Songiters give me, I ever feck -a fore of Re:
Yentthent rife that‘damps my former Satisfaction,
proceeding from the Fondnefs-which I have for
Vitek, and the Love T bear my Country : When
_I ‘¢onfider on what Foot we meer at a Royal A-~
cademy, where ohne might juftly think of finding
the fweere Voices our Nation could produce,
where“ore’ might. hope to hear our choicett In-
ftrimenss in frfendly Emulation -at once coriren-

ding and improving; would nor the Difappoint- |

nent make osc {mile to meer wirh no- Performers
bus Italians on our Stage, whillt the Orchettra
fearcely would an Engliiman? — -
* Since Mufick now is rais’d to fuch: Perfection
here:; fince England now may poaft the greatett.
Genius -of the World, whos fhé shay éall her
own, fitto prefide at this Academy
‘defign'd, bow much, alas, mifus'd fince nothing
bur a Nome!) ‘tis pity fure we fhould remain but
Tribyraries ftill to Rome ;-Were this Fund em-
loy’d in chufing out, inftru€ing and adapting,

*

_

in this Hlé our: Gold-.-

Haymarket, ‘tho’ siot lefs: ignorant-of the Perfor-.

(elorionfly |

or the Stage, our fineft Voices, they might keep

-

back.an-the other. Side the ps, their Mulick,. we

To hire Voices from abroad at an immenfe

.Expence; from’ Year to Year; when our ,. Nation
—might,.at half the Charge, fopply us swith:a,ne-

ver-faling Stock ; and had: they juft, enehyra re
metity: in #' Refped inferior, jis as abfurd as if a
Mun-thould pay,; fora tmalt Term of Years-in.ap
Eftate, :a greater Sum: than.:what would buy. th¢
Frechald: s,s at Eade

...geing an. this Subjed, te may not be eae |

here to.add a Word concerning what our Mea ol
tlie ‘high ‘Tate dre-fs sich: plews'd: wich, wha is
call’d asManner in Pldying, fince it has given me
fo.freguently Offence.; ant Chis is changigg, for.
hew:much the worfe;is: nor: material, the. Ww le
Piece.fet before one, -and:avoiding, as a. Barbar

" vifta‘in Mufick, the playing.gne Noce:as the Camp.

MIST ’s WEEKLY JOURNAL

A725 8

~~

ar 2

~

é- a . Py wre lee at owt

19. be thart, in’ the Hurry; . whilft every ote —

| Wére catching ‘up their Appurtériances, ;and fear.

pofer.hag defign'd:it:' Now; tho’ there may be fome .

additional. Beauties throwm into a.Commpofition by
a:skiliful Hand, yet-for each Novice to. obtrade’
his Whims inte.a. Work :of fuch a Matter. as Co-
relli, isng lefs modett-rhan if Mr. —— thé
Coach-Pafnter,  fhouldt -atrempr 16 téuch up a

Gartooh of “Raphael. Todear an clegans andrla-

bour'd ‘Pi¢caiof Harmony contriv'd, by its. Solem-
nity; to introduge. the lighrer Air with Force and
Beawry, mangied’ and fikdivided .at the Caprice
of every ignorant Pretender, brings to my Mind
the Simile cf an:arch Friend of mince, who.gom-

pae’d this forr af Player to the cleanly Woman
¥-fha}l forbfar-to: eS ers Pea ae E

had loft. it ;:.and:Lthould willingly. affign to ‘t

ingenious Pes former ihe: fame Reed » for:his ne
feafonable Vivaciry, thac the Kite’ot PeJand con-
ferr'd on the late famous Luranift Mr. Abel, for his
il-tim‘d: Sullenncfs. ' rr

* * -

‘Young Gentleman, -who travell’d laf. Week
‘from Ipfwith to Londsy, having rcad your Pa-
per of the.13th of November lait, purfaant to the

¢

“Advice therein given for travelling, cquipp‘d

hitnfelf'in a Red Suit, and came up in the Stage
Coach. -An Accident. happening, ‘by following
yuur Counfel, which had lik’d to have colt him
his Breeches, makes me trouble you with this Ad-

drefs; if ic makes-you laugh, or you fhou’d think

‘will dey way afford the lcaft.Diverfion co the
Town, it will chen have done its Duty, .

-- Befides himfelf there .was anether Gentleman,
with his Sifter, and three more of the Female

Sex tn Company. When they came to the Ina

at Night where the Coach put up, after they had .

| refreth’d themielves with a pretty handfome Sup-

per, every onc were for retiring ta Ref; and ac-
cordingly the Ladies repair’d ro. rheir Appart-

ments provided for:them, and the Gentlemen in a

Room by themfelves; which heing.very ,large,
and having w good Fire Place init, theyvall. a-
recd té breakfuft there together before they fet
orward on their Journey. Ii the Morni¢g the
Cotice was brought;. and every one-met.as ippoin~:
ted, -bit his Honour, having oftes repeated nt
due? Dees 4k the: nguty failing Procuver of Ref and:
Sleep, Could nor perfuade Morpheus. co. remove: hi<
leaden “Plimniets from his Eyé-Lids fo fyon,: and”

therefore refoiv'd to ride Poft after the C ach and: | -

overtake them atthe Place where they/were-to

~

o
“se $3 4. > , - + 4 .
> ee ST Se: 2. $ e Pr t . : . , ?
aie me owl * od: ‘et, watese =o 4 ee, ‘ ‘ Xe »”* 3. dos . °
: _ ° ed ry

sill it was Day, fagn
'. . However,

“mitted ;, and_al

and you'll highly gblige the G/onel and the’
- Srage Coac tf Ri getahy

many Affairs at-once. For firft ir is nas
a

‘Reading{a to-marehy-to Botands:ja- Ord
aan . . oe aan oes : a s

ing themfelves in the Learhern Conveniency; ‘oie —
ot the, Ladiés,. who travell’d-in. a” red Cariblet
‘Riding-Hood,. hdftily takes’ up liis “Homoxr’s -
-Brécches,, which was made of the fame Stuff, if-
‘ftead of: the, Cap. The Jek was not found ont
iher which the Gentlemals
join'd:ns, who mifling: his Breeches, and finding:
the Head of the hady's Hocd ia'their Placg gdeG‘d
Ah hay Niet atid was forced to make the-Rtad
of the:Huad ferve inflead‘of Breeches. ~~ <
vever,, it furniifh'd them with a good déal gf
Mirth when. he’ join’d Conipany, again, and yery
much-eas'd: the Burden pf the Journey, by o¢cd

. ‘
aie

honing. many, an, innecept merry. Tales antong
of the. Nun and -Fryar was ‘not 9~
anticipated the Diverlion “esvousd ,
five to, them in particular to fee it-in your Weel.
y Paper, which if. you think_propér to.cominy-

- . '
+

ni¢are, be pleafed te put this: in a- berter Direly;
yhole

ach Regtinent . I am,.. Sir, W:
Refpeét, your conttant Readef. ang well)

'  FORRIGN ABFAIRE +
_ They write from Antwerp, that.at the-general
Court of the Flemifh Eaft- ndia ‘Company Jately :
held there, fuch Refolutions were takenas hive
rais'd the Price of their Stotk to, cwelve ‘per Cent.
above Par.—As firkt, i is agreed tofendtwo:Shipy -
this-Vear.t9 Ching, and rwo-todengaly 4 |
five more:to Surat and Mocha; thar: is,

fo many can be. fitted. our in-due Seafon. 1 The
Projeft of the Whale and the Herring Fifhery‘ was
rejeGed, or rather. deferr'd for fome more conye-
nient Time; for asthe Conipany is going upoR
fome other:Proje&s of more immediate Copfe-
quepce to their Service, they though-fir co ler thig-
reff, as rot judging it prydent to undertake too

‘«"

make a new Settlement at Bengal, the gener
Direétion of which. is to be given to one Mri
Humes a Scotchman, who was one of the fir Su-
percargoes when this Trade was undetaken of
the private Account, they fay fonie extraodin
Encouragements are to be given bim, and chathé
is to engage himfelf for three. Years in the Coma
pany’s Service. The Settlement of Goblton,. ont, -. .:
the Coafton Cormondcl, began -b "the Cheval ae
de Morevil, is alfo to be conzinued, who is to ‘ber:
defray’d all his Expences. -~— They add, thag-:
two Ships are arrived at Ofténd,. built-ar taons |
don for. the Service of this Comipany. -

_ We hexr from Vienna, that: the . Tréatg -of-
Trade. and-Commerce is fign’d bétwixe the Em;-
peror, the King of Spain, ‘and Kihg of: Portugaly

wee}

the Arricles of which ate not yet m@de-publick;
however it & owing to fome. Advantages procured.

in this ‘Treaty for- the. Netherland Exfhlniin
Company, . that the¥ have raken- a Refolupign:o&
trading to the Spanifh Weft Indies. ©... . ... -
. We are advifed from Drefen-in gazon
the Roman Carholicks fetrled thene,;+ h,

/
a Pon Ar 4
— ; a" -;
Ly -
a1 # *, =" 4
~ -/" ® z *

dreQ'd' their Eleftor,, the: King-of Noliamaane®

how. his... Intpartial.ty fox ajl RE gions,:: ae
fus‘d chem ; liowever, tha¢: thé Procefiati¢ Se

of Saxony,had Ordére: to. hold.

. > Bs . . NY * : ~~ “sy er wh oA ~ “ ‘, .- =
’ é a Xe. q.o: ~~. \ ee rm nts otal anv es mers a 5°
ae . * .
° A wk. \
 ~ “o*

ty Deferics of the Roman Catholick Religion,
in Cafe of a Rupture. —— But as they have not

yet ‘moved, ‘it looks as if their Apprehenfions -

gvere over. .

“~publin;- Deve 4--On Monday departed this ‘Life, .

. JA avery advanc'd:Age, at his Houfe near Ma-
 “yy’s Abbey, the Honourable Sir Henry Ecktine,
Kt. and Bart, Heasyas formerly one of the Ba-
rons of the Exchequer in this. Kingdom, ——-+—
~ On 'Tuefday dy’d Mrs. Downs, Wife to the Right

‘Reverend Father in God, Henry Lord Bifhop of -

. .

. Meath.« The fame Day @ Dragoort. ftanding
‘upon the.Wall of the Liffey, near the Barracks,
“in order'to take a Leap, his Foot“hd¢ppen’d ‘to
flip, ard-he fell into the River, and was unhap-
? rowhed. —— This Duy the Lord Mayor pub-
‘lifh’d a Pfoclamation, giving Licence to all Per-
. fons, - as well Foreigners'‘as Freemen, to muke and
fell Bread; the’ Bakers having, fir fome Time
‘palt, negle&ed to furnifh the City, -
”. Edinburgh, Dec. 9. Baron Kennedy is fo ill of a
‘Fever that the Phyficians have given him over. -
“Monday laff dy‘d ‘Sir Richard Newton of: That-
‘Hk; as alfo Alexandcr Nesbit,’ Efg; a Perfon
“known by his Treatifcs of Heraldry, one of which

4
t

+) wh + oe

_ "is now.inthe Prefs. - Sunie of the Glafgow People |

‘have preferr'd. a Libel againft Captain Bufhnel,
“ard others, they think Guilry of the Death of the
Perfons kificd-in the late Riot in that City.

They write from Peebles,-"That the Lord March's -

‘Lady ‘was delivered of a Son the sth Inttanr. —~_

From Beryick, That.a Marriage was concluded
- Jerween Sir James Dalrymple, and the Lady Chri-
‘ftina, Hamilton,’ Daughter to the Earl of Ha-
dington. a _ .
“Wellington, Devon, Dec. 11. A few Days ago one
Mr.: Sutherington, a: young Gentleman of pro-
_ -mifing Parts, being in Love, and hinder’d by his
‘Fatherfrom marrying the Obje& of his Affectioti«,
Thor himsfelf thro” the Heart with a Piftol. —~<
Mr. Parkes; Son of him who is called the Rich
Parker, near Plymouth, in this County, is lately
married tothe Lady Katherine Paulet, Daughrer
‘eethe Eurl Pauler. © 0 2)
 Byiffol, Dec."40;; Laft‘Tucfday we bad 4 hard

Storm‘ of: Wind, which’ did’ great Damage’ about

this-Ccuntry ; fome Houfes being . blawn- down,
feveral hundred Trees, and a new Gliafs-Houfe
heur-Pensford, five Miles from this City, where=
in feveral Pcople wete killed. = |
- Salishury, Dec. 16. The beginnin
feven Horfes, laden with Bar Gold, .pafs’d over
the Plain; faid to-be going to the Tower for Coir-
aoc; ic was: breuiht from Lisbon by the King

corge Packet, drove into: Flymotth-by the late
"* Coven
William Bromley, Efq;“Sen. with his:Lady and

Daughters were returning, “in their Coach and.

Four, from Sir Thomas Delves’s ef Warwick, to

their Seat at Bagington, the leading Horfes go- | ) |
' Gonoa, that Admiral Campnock ‘was. beheaded, ac
Granada, he being ftill a ‘Prifoner .in the Caftle

ing over-a high Bridge, took a fadden ftart, and
leap’d off the Side, ari ng the Coach after ‘em
id an Inftant.: ‘The-Fall: as about 14. Foor, but
the Force of it being broke by the’ Water, they
oleap’d: very: farprifingly, ‘without any further
Hurt «chan a few Bruifes, ‘wnd the Fright of. being:
wettad, and in fuch imminent Danger...

_From Twickenbam, 'That the Honourable’ Mr,
Hownrd was dverrufn’d in a Coach latt Week; and:

Fhong Reading, That-as a-very fat Lady in ‘that:
Nei hbaurhoud swie in a bearded Place ar the-

End _,of her Garden, on a certain private: Affair, ©

_ which fhall be namelefs, the Floor “being rotten, '
either by:the. Law of Gravity or Attra@ion, fle, |

‘of.a- fadden,. found “her. {elf vip ‘to ‘the Chin’ in™’
riouc of the fweereft Elements ; “and might haye | Jolin

» of this Week

'y, Dec: ¥3. - Lait Week as the Honourable -

Search to, be m ,
ing the Place, fhe was found crying out for Help, .

did thence difcharge a large

‘rier
for Shoplifting ; Elizabeth-Afhton, for pealing

John Hamp; for feri
Robber; in, Stepney-Fields; ;

remained theré: till fhe had been ftifled, Wad .ic.
not, at the very Incident fell,out, that fome La--
dies-were come to pay her-a Vifit, and occafionyd
c for-her. Upon approsch+

.

which coming in due‘Time, fhe was taken-vnt,
as‘ clean’ -as could .be-expe&ed;: neyerchelefs,
ir was an unfpcakable Mortification to be feen by
Vifitants, as the-Saying is, in fo nafty.a Pickle. - ::

‘From Macclesfield in Chefire, That the Lady

Tfabella Legh was feiz'd with the Dead+Palfy, fo

that fhe can hardly ftira Hand... = ee:

From Mansfeld‘in Nottinghampirey That, a Car-
penter’s, Boy, who work’d at the Marguels: of
Carmarthen’'s,
one of his Lordfhip’s Gardeners dead on the Spot ;
and that the Coroner’s Inqucft brought. ic Chayce

From Liverpook, That the Martha, Captain

Coppel, from Guinea, was loft, wich all her Men,

at the Entrance into that Harbour-on the 7th Inft..
. Gloucefer, Dee.-11.-- They write from. Scene in
Wilts, that-she Wife of” one jones was, about 16
Weeksago, Brought to bed of a fine Child, which
is now living+ and this Week, fhe being out of
Order; fent :for Dr. Clark of Bradford, a Man-

Midwife, who deiver’d ber of another. Child, |

proportionable in all its Parts, but dead. ,

LONDON, December ;¢
Mr. Shippen came to ‘Town. this Weck ‘rom

Newcaftle ; and Sir Robert Rich from Dublin.
We hear a Treaty of Marriage ison Foot b:-

‘tween Sir Cecil Bifhop, a ‘young Bart. and the

eldeft Daughter of the Lord:Falmouth. — . |
_ On Sunday Night the Duke of Kent's fine Houfe
in St. James's Square, dnd.moft of the Goods were
confamed by ‘Fire, in adjetle above the Space of
two-Hours; and the Earkof Scrafford’s being next
it,“ reeciv'd confiderable’ Damage > but. che Lord
Palmefton’s adjoining on the other Side, receiv’d
very litle. =” - ,

On that Occafion'a large Engine made by Mr.
Gray, Engine-Maker at Mill-Bank, Weftmuatfter,
brought thither from Sc, James's Palace, did ex-
traordinary’ Service 4 which having: fifficient
Length of Pipe carried upon the adjoining Hoyle,
Quantity. of ‘Water
in a continual Stream, and.with juch.grest. Force,
that ic beat down the Fire in a wonderful Manner.
_ Preferments. The Rev. Mr. rt
LeGturers of Hackney, is prefented to the Living
of Hornchurch in Effex; gvorth 4600 |. per Ann.

——The Rey. Mr. Bennifon to the’ Living of
Weeks in Effex, worth about 100 |: per Ann. —
‘The new Fellowthip of Caimbridge, is given to
Sir Edniund ~Bacon’s Brother 5. but after nine
Years ‘is to go tofome other Norfolk Gentleman.

The King was to fet out as Yefterday from Ha-
nover,. and is not expected till Chriftmas Day.
Letters from Spain eontradi& the Report from

-
.

'Tuefday laft. the Seffions-ended ar the Old Bai-

“Sy, when 10-Malefa&ors, 8 Men and 2 Women,

receiv'd Sentence of Déath, viz. Richard. Scur-
Mofes.Gladman, and: Elizabeth. Golding,

Goods put.of x Dwelling-Hptic ;. James Bird av

ping anc robbing « Woman
Agebais &: Jobn Auftin, fora
: for raiuigning - from.
ations Blizabcth: Afhten pleaded her

lars Thomas Watw

Belly, aud was brought in with quick Child. .

ones, a Boy; was SEnschc'd ‘te Band in

playing with a charg‘d Gun, ‘fhet-

_yreach’d down about one Story, which. he le

1 fhe had ‘all-che Requifites to make, and

: Julies.

Pyle, one of the.

‘Pasliament for Camelford 18 Cornwall.

.the Pillory at Lime-Street; atid w pay a Fine o |
"20 Marks, for extorting Moncy from a Gentleman .

by threatning to {wear ‘Sodomy agginft him. *
"Tis faid-the India Company have ordéred a

l
their Ships in the River to fail as foon as oolt

fible.

A: notable Horfe-ftealer brought out-of the
Country and-confined in. Wood-ftreet Compter, in’ ©
oder to take his Trial at the'lare Seflibns in the’
Old-Baily, ‘was not willing to: fta'nd it, “bur re~" |

‘folved to make his Efcape,. or break his Neck ;°
} accordingly the Night before he was to be carried’

co the Seffions he gor over the Wall of the faid

Prifon.3 Stories high ;. how he got to the Top is

unaccountable ; he gut down by Means of a Lea-
ther Girdle faften’d at the Topof the Wall, which
be-
hind as a Prefent to the Keepcr, and he muft have’
dropp’d down the other two Stories... 'Ten Pound
Reward is, offer’d by the Keeper of the Compter
for apprehending him st Cy
- The Royal Princefs, William Halls Maftery
from Oporto to Biddiford,’ was: loft the 7th In-
ftant near-Iiford Comb; the Mafter and Sailora ~
were drowned. | Co

Dy’'d lately: the Right Honourable the Lady E-.
lizabeth Gayer, only Daughter to James Earl of
Anglefey, a Lady of moft excellent Qualities +
Was ‘a
finifh’d Piece of Virtue ; the was temperare, pru-~
dent, and had in her all the. Rules of Picty and
All her Aftions weré adorn’d with the
fweereft Grace of Mildnefs and Candefcenfion ;
From-her we might learn to: bear Injuries wid
Patience; to be ulways of an cven Depustment,
purfuing all Perfons (cho’ her Enemies) with.Ci-~
yilities and good Offices::. She was fer from Su-
pei ftition, and much farther from Prophanencf ;
Fibcral, without Extravagance or Pride; frugal,
without Avarice, and chagitable with Bound..
_ Our Merchants have Advice from Cadiz, that
the great Fair of Porto Bello which gonerally.
rakes off gréat Quantities of Englifh Manufa-
&ures,. was: proclaim’d to be held the 13:h of -
November. . Sr Ta, oo

- The Weck dy'd in the S:rand, of the Small-
Pox,: the Daughter and Heircfs of Sir Thomas
Fuz, Bart. a Glouceflerfhire Gemleman of a great
Eftate. - : eens mo,

William Den, Efg; is made Licutenant in Sa-

bine’s Regiment of .Welch Fufileers. | |
ofeph Hudfon, Efg; is’ made Caprain in the -°
‘firit Regiment of Guards ; and Robert Waller,
Efq; Adjutant in the fame. ee 7
A few Days fince dy’d Mr. Gerrard: Engraver
to his Majefty. = °° .. a

They write from Paris, that the great Law-
Suit, which. lafted above 100 Years herween the
Dniverfity of that Ciry, and the Printers. and
Bookfellers, hath, ac laft, been decided by the
Council of State, in Favour of the Univerficy ;
accordingly; fer che futurc, the Bookfelers and
Printers are to be examined by the. Profeffors of
the Univerfiry before they are received.”

Mr. Stiloman, a Merchant, repated worth
30,0001. is married to Mrs, Shepherd, Reli& of
the Diftiller of that Name,-in Smithfield. -

We hear that Rich. Dalby of Hurft near Read-
ing‘in Berks, a Gentleman of. zooal. per Ann. is

Shortly co be married to Mrs. Charlowte Kent, of

Shiplack in the faid County, a Fornue of twelve
thoufand Pounds. Alf 2

That a Treaty of Marriage willbe foon con-
cluded hetween Mr. Leshuillicr, and the only
Daughter of William , Sloper, Efg; Member of -

Mr, Lake, :a celebrated Surgeon for inocyilating
of the Small-Pox, at'Sennock in Kéne,. did lare-
 Sen

-s but Danger, and aré riow perfectly recovered and | forall Men, butfor an eles Number oily. In eight Gon- | Yarmouth, at feecral Ties j |
wells Oe : Co ference’ decween Epenctus and Eutycus : Wherein the molt ROBERT? CAMELL. iD dser of Be x weal iS oBE
On Tucfday the e8th of this Inftant: will. be material Pretences, urg'd in’ Favour-of thofe Principles; are | folk. With 2a PREFACE in Vindication of the Author Sofd-
_ Mw Re ~ EIR fe f : clearly ftated and anfwer’d 5 aid Man proved to be the’fole | hy A. Bettefworth and J Bowyer, in Patet- -Rows atid
hk Bullock roafted. whole at the Houfe of Mr. Pe- | cHicient Canfe of his own, Deftrition. By EDWARD | }. Kapton, and R. Robinfon in St. Panl’s Church-Yarf. “»

hutt-dhedin 169, 1 qth. Atrican 16 1 half” |,’

4

~
-

‘ty inoctlate the Sniall-Pox into fix Perfong thére;
‘one was a Gentleman from Sulfex,~ rhe other five
“were Servants to a very honourable Gentleman of

thar Parith. They all paffed the Small-Pox with-

e

ter Brett, at the Rifing Sun in Hlington Read,
hear ‘Sadler's Wells. rr wes

-! NB. The excellent Letter stom the Trinity is come

trand, and foall be inferted this Day Fortnight, in order

bo begin ihe new Tear welt, - |

| Whereas it was inferted in this Paper, that the Hor.
Mr. Cecil, Rector of Hatfield, was dead; we are fince

affured, by Letters from Venice, that he bas been iif, |.

but is very well recovered. _ , ;'

In our laft was inferted a Paragraph from Portf-
month, concerning a Robbery committed there by one
Ivory, in which the Names were miftaken, for the Rob-
bery was com mitted by one Harris, and Mr. Ywory is
the Profecutor, and a’ Perfon.of good Charatter.

1» Marrow there will be tavo Charity Sermons preach
ed At St. Mary Le Strand, for the Bewft of the poo"
Children of that Parjb; that. in-the Morning by thé
Rey. Mr. Cirey, Retfor of St. Katherine Coleman in
Fenchurch-Strect ;, and that in the Afternoon ly the Rev.

‘ehints Accounts, Forcign

oe
° ey" af of, et .

” ef
we 4
i 2hy2 a.

Dbis Day is publish'd, dedicated oth’ R2y., Mr. Stanhope, 7 re Se
D ” *“s* I. Bhe great Benefit of AMidions. YY. The Long.

eo . Dean Of C ynterbuny. mee

*,.* FATE and DESTINY inednfifent with Chr‘fiani-
ty: Or, the HORRID DECREF, of abfolite and uncon-
ditional BicStion and Reprobation fiilly detedted. Shewing,

the GRAND ERROR of afforeing, that Chrift didnot die

RIRD, Printed for C, Rivington at the Bibl2 and.Crown in
St. Paill’s Ghurch-Yard, Price ftitch'd 2s. 6d. Bound 5s.
T Mr. Ifham’s Poarding-School at Southgate, yorng
'& Gentlemen are qualified for the Univerfity, or Bufincfs,
viz. Greck, Latin, rench, Writing, Arithm:tick, Mer
i) mn Exchanges, and other Accom-
plifhments,. fuch as Dancing, Fencing, &c. all by proper
Maftsrs, ‘The Houft is ofa pleafant and healthful Situati-
on‘on Enfield Chace, remote from all loofe ani immoral

Converfation, and ag 2 sonvenienr Diftance from Town. © +,

Mr, I[fham has a new Mafter for the Learned Lan-

guages. -
OST near Roytton in Hertforlthire, the sth of this In-
ftant December, ‘a ftrong forrel Gelsing, trots all, 34
Hands and a half high, witha bald Face, rwo white Legs, with

_@ good rifing Forehcad, and fets it well; with feverai white

arts of his Body; a white “Lock of Hair in his Main when.
ft, and four Years o:d. Whoever gives Notice of him, fo:
“as he may be had again, to Mr. John Glover at Royfton; or
10 Mr. Tho. Beedle at the Greyhound in Grub Street, Lon-

Spots on each Side his Neck, dud affo white Spots on other
}

don, ihall have a Guinea Reward and reafonable Charges

; This Day is publifhed, |
*.* The-Treaty of Oliva, for the maintaining whereof the
Proteftant Powers are now difouting ; bcing a Treaty of

- Refsof Humay

-Tems,,and Prob'emss with plain T

* 3° This Day. 23 pubtith'd;

‘Suffiring of GOD, with Refpet to finfu!
whe Duty of Chritt's Mint crs and the
ken at their Doctrine, confider'd. Ini three Scrmots gre ich’

in St. Nicholas'’s Church, and St. George's Chive), in ¢ Great

mupities. -TIT.

uft pnblifhed, the éth Fidition of ;

P "i Ff, ESSAYS upon feveral moral Subjects. In three
‘arts. Upon Pride, Duelling, generat Kindnefs, the Weak.
n 13 Reafon; on Mufick; the Va'ne of Life, the
pleen, Eagernefs ot Defire, ‘Friendihip, ‘Popularity: a
Fhought, of the Entertainment of Books, Envy, again® De-
pair, of Covetoufhefs, Liberty, old Age, Pleafure, of Pain
evenge, Authors, Power, Riches and Poverty. Whoredom
iannkenness, Gaming, Solitude, Diféontent. By Jeremy Cole

icr, A.M.

It. A ‘thort and eafy Method with the Deifts ; wherei
Truth of the Chriftian Religion is demonftrated by iaeaibte
proof from four Rules, pic 1 are incomratible to any Impa-

that ever-yet has been, ‘poffibly be. ich 19
added, a fevond Pare to the’ Rows. poilibly be To which 1
- DESIDERTIUS ; or, the Original Pilgrims; thewing

the moft compendious Way to arrive at t of God:
Laurence Howel; A. Mo ab rh “ Lore o F God. By
All three printed for G. Strahan at the: Golden ‘Bal oye

_ againft the Royal-Exchange in Cornhitl.. . ,
"This Day is publihed, dedicated to.Dr. Halley, itlufttated

.  With96 Figur-s engray'd ori wet,
t*{ Surveying improv d, or the whole Art. both in Thee
ry and Practice, fally demonftrated.. In four Burts, I. aA-

rithmetick, Vulgar and Decimal, IT. :A!! Definitions,

Lidge ts Peace between John Catimer King of Polani, Charles XT. - , APB nomMen
Mr. Thorold, Relfor-of St, Martin's Ludgate, | King of Sweden), the Empe or Leopold, and Frederick Wil- | Deter peioa and: UE. oF Taltresne gee fone bi
: | - Contthen’c dees 1 iam Elector of Brandenburgh, concluded through the Medi-: |- ora sical eee : en 7 > wed
At the opening of St. Swithen's im Cannon-Street \ orion of Lewis KLV. King of Fr:nce, at th> Monaltery of Vivide any Parcel or px How t0 & cauire, ¢ , HP Dior oF

{being to Morrow) will b:‘preached two Charity Ser~

mons, for the Benefit of the poor’ Children frequenting.

St. Mary Abchurch ; tht in the Morning by the Reve-

vend Mr. Trap, Vicar of Cbrift Church, Letturer of St.

Martin's in the Fields, Wefiminfter, aud the Old Fewry ;
shat in the Afternoon by the Rev...Mr. Wheatly. -

Oliva near Dantzick in Praiiia, May 2, 1660. . Printed for J.
Roberts, near the OxfordéAtmsin Warwick-Line. Price rs.
N. B. In the Prefs, Thorn Afflicted; being am hiftorical
Account of the’ Perfecutions and Cruelties committed on
the Proteftant Magiftrates and others of that City, occafion'd
by the Proceffion made by the Jefi'ts. Written in German
by Mr. Jablouski, and tranflated into French by Mr: Beau-

fobrc and now tranflatiig into Englith; and exaétly com-

_ king tranfparent Colours for Maps. , 'T'o

any poffible Place: affj

Diftances ; with Surveying Counties, Roads Rivers, &c. Al-
fo to reduce a Pian to a Profpect; wand te corres? any don
vey by altronomicil Calculation; with Directions for mae.
which ig added, An
Appendix concernin Levelling. and ésivaying. Naver to
c-affign'd. By Henry Witfoil. Printed for

J- Bately, at thé Dove in Pater-Nofter-Row. :-

ence by: fome tas”

ohobietry, and.what-

. ars. TE rd with the German Uriginal, tno’ ted from the Leftuarium Mirabile: Or, the nivakle ‘TMoAbeace -
.Sourh-Sea Stock is 119 3 qrse Bank 129 1 | Pin ee oe _ £4. Which intallibly cures. all Degrees ‘and Symmetee can?
fecret Difeate,, with more Eafe, Speed and Safety, thet any -

ADVERTISEMEN TS
f Powder which has met with fiich a general -Appro-
MOE ion from’ Multivudes of People, anfwering in all.
Refpects fully the Ofe of Coffec, having had a very large
Demand, the Quantity then imperted not being futficient
to anfwer:the great Cal], fo that many Cuftomers could not
‘he fupplied, Care is taken that none for the future be
difappoin a large Parcel beitig juft arrived exceeding
fiae, and right flavoured ; to be had at the hrit Houfe on
the left Hand in Bell-Savage-Yard on Ludgate-Hill, made

up in quarter, haif, or whole Pounds, at 25. 6 d. per Pound. ©

Its
dran* entire, and approve
to the beit, and makes that w

oft.
fettly fief A Gentleman wants, viz...
Hout unfurnith’d, fora finall Family, with an Orchard-

the moft yudicious: It ad s

uality is extruordinary, and needs.no Mixture, being
which has loft its Flavour per-

: ; about so or 20 Miles of London, in. Middicfex inment of Mufick ; anda Preface. By Mr. Odingfells. | fail to root out and-carry o moft malignant, viral
or surtys Prov: fals to be lefe for Mr. C. L. at Peele’s,Co.-” Fertain . Adecrat querenti ; S and obftinate kind of the venereal Diets Sithost Confast
Perfidum ricens Venus, - & remiffo ment, or making your Café known to any; which, ifit fails...

fee-Hou‘e in Fleet-Street.
Large well built Houfe, feveral Rooms wainfcotte?!, and
Barns, Stables, Granary and Crchares, with fix Clofts ad-
joining in Grafs, and more Land lying near, if required, It
is acompicat Eftate for g Gentleman, and is within 4 or 5
Miles of Ockingham, and 2 Miles of Reading. To inquire
of Mr. Richard Phelp, who lites init; or of Mr. John Pid-
Seon. Brafier in Reading ; ‘or of fr. Jofeoh
Frampton-Wick, ‘near Hamptaq-Court, Lronmong:r.
| ts Day ispublith'd, the 4th E-lition, of = -
* Maral Ethys, Containing {:vefal Treat‘fes on many
cast trane putics. Written in french by Mefficurs du Port
Roya!: -Kngliihed by a Perfon of Quality. In four Vo-
fumes. Princed for Edmund Purker at the Bible and Crown
in Lombatd-Street ; and folt by Benjamin Mette at the

Temple-G.te in Fleet-Stret. _ 4 fotruly related as it might be. There are feveral Miftakes~
rilercas Tam Let. a young Man about twenty two | in that Hiftory, but I purpofely omit to retiy them, for | in 2 Weegsat fartheft, as Ulcers in the Throat. loft Palarar
Whe Jai ge nae abfcne et 5 imfcif from his Father | Frevity-fake; but I mnft thank him for his Compliment to | fintting if the Nofe,° Phymifis, Paraphymofis, Sbankers toned ‘
for Ome Time pat sand his a Hump at his r.ght Shoulder, Kinfinan’s Life and Character; and, to do him. | Warts, or fwellin inany Part. If your Body be fat
is a little tow Man "his a large Fact, and is of a ‘fair Com- uitice, he has to low'¢ the Truth pretry well, as to th of Ulcers and Scabs, in a few Days J remove all tho hererg-
lexion, with gtey Eycs, and ight brown Hair, and had on {atters [ knew of the fa d Toby. _ - fe Re f. Patrities, takingaway all Pains in the Head, Shoulders:
When he went away, 2 Fuftian Frock and a Leather Pair of In Anfwcr to Abel's Advercifement in laf& Satny . fia 4 jothat. this falubrious Liquor'reltores the Rd:
Preeches: Ifhe will return to his Father, J. Brochet, in Dean- | Poft-Boy. | I don't, think # have besray'd Convesfuts to he t Health, They that have made Tryal offit. wander
Sereet, Soho,’ he shall be kindly reccived, and all Faults for- | afferts ; forif a Man wilkeequaing me of Secrets, Se | wt Che Cites it performs. “Thofe who have newlygot aerans: °.
, ’ will fectire kim, anid give Notice to | late the fume impartially stto Harn done As oe thay entirely depend on acute, by taking txto or thre Dot ae

s orif any Perfo ' '
ir. ames Brochet faid Father, he fhallhaves Guineas
Kir. Jeo 8 reafbnable Charges. — ° _ |

Pett) he fed, at the Coach and Horfés in Caftle-Strect, near

Leteeter ‘Sau a voy ned. Coach, fit for Tom, =

in’d wi Gaul and four very g0: .

Canale Inquire o Mr, Walker, wing next
ay, on

help, in.
: ‘is to certi

‘me in mny

to his Taying, .Lat’s.go th,
~ and that of ‘erefinosLew!

"Fut iMtines , Numb Viof 0
** The Hiftry of En land, by Mr. De Rapin Thoyras.
Done into Englijh. With additional Motes, by -N. -Tindal,
M. A. Vicar of great Waltham in Effex. Containing the
remaining Part or the Reign of Altred the Groat, together:
with the Reigns of Edwari the Elder, Athelfton, Edmund,
Eired, Fdwyn, Edgar, ani Edward the Martyr. The Srate
of the Church and Councils 5. with'‘an Account ofall the Per..
fons eminent for their Piety and Religion, as Scorus, Grim-
bold, Ado, Dunftan, &c, To be sontinusd Monthly. Prin-
tei tor James and John Knaoton, at the Crown in St. Paul's
Chureh-Yard. Price 1s. Where may be had, the four _pre-

ading ‘Numbers, Price 1s. cach. . N. B.- Ina fhort Time

ill be published, N° VI. 'To which will be added, a fuller
Account of the Author and his Work, a copious Index, é&c.
wonich will compleat the firft/Vo:ume. : :

: oe This Day is pablithd,

tit The Capyicious. Lovers, a Comedy. Aed at the The-
ostyvein Lineoln’s-Inn-Pields. ‘Together. with a Paftoral En- -

-

Filius arcu. Hor.
onth Bowyer, at the Rofe in Pate-Nofter-
althoe, over-againft the Koyal-Exohange in
Cornhill; and fold by J. Roberts in Warwick-Lane. » Price
One Shilling and Six Pence.

7 Hereas there is publifh’d a Pamphlet, entituled, Some
W ‘Memoirs of the Life of Abel, ‘Toby's Uncle, &c. this
whom it may concern, that the Auther and
Compiler of that Hiftory cots not act like a Gentleman, in
betraying private Converfution, efpeciaily over a Bottle.
Vide Page 2. Asto his Redeftions on me particularly, P.
2¢. my meputation is above his Scandal, That is nor true.
about my faying, Let’s go to the Devil, P. 34. and that of

Printed for
Rov 5 and J.

. Erafmus Lewis, Fifa; meéntion'’d as Under-Secretary, is not.

~~

Reflections on him, ‘T thin

we ben too ems
or that Acconnts J hove folle ‘é the Trath. 12
bim -for bis Compli cnt to ie, SUG bs.
Chayacier. Ant, laftly, ‘do challengerttcs i :
ny material Miftikes in the fatd Lifes for Pde

no Hiftory hae beeri writ with chat Pampeneb Aiea?

' Houle, Covent-Garden ; and

Medicine yet publitheds any
feyeral Years franding, whetitcr occafioned
Weaknefs of the Seminall, or the Relicts ofa former tn

Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ufe of Aftringents: - bei
Medicine fo wonderfully plcafant and éafy nats Obert
‘ that the niceft Palate, or weakelt Conftitntion, may take it
with Delight: Two Pots are generally Ihficient to comnleat
a Cure in moft Cafes. To be had only of the Anrhor Dr. Cam,

@ Graduate Phyfician, who has oublifthed it 20 Yerrs. and is -

conftantly to be advis’d with at his Honfe ar the Goiden-Ball.
‘the Pot.

Againftthe VENEREAL DISEASE
T HE famous Italian BOLUS, has fo great Sicceft in
the Cure of the Venetéal Difeaf, that not one of the
great Numbers that daily take it mits ot a perfect

Cure; -a
though fo very cheap as 2s. 4d. each, yet four Rolufies need

to do, the Money isreturnéd, This great Medicine likewife

deftrofs Mercury, and caries it out of the Body, and thereby -

relieves thofe unfottunate Petfons who have fallen. into bad -

Han

in former Cures. Is to be had only at the Flaming
Swo

the corner of Ruffel ‘Street, ovér againft Will's Coffea,

terfeit. }

W Rayner Surgeon, living at the Blue Pofts. in. te
Yard t rgeon, gZ att ofts, in: Preftan's-

he lower end of the Mirlories, the Name Ra

golden Ball hanging over the Gate near Little Towen Fane

ath a {peedy.and fafe Cure for the Pox or Clan, with ‘ait

being plenanciaane, gor estan ineseng
n Paite, yet e tal in-curing that dangs

D Ee, whith hasbeen the Ruin of Hundreds by -dangzrong

unskilfal Flands I cure (under God) the moft inveterate Pox, '

ty venereal Pills or Boluffes, without Hindrane

to make Experiente,

T ptomife very fair, no Cure no Money
ety. My Pills i

ol Ranning, SE; thongh of.
on, 1s Certainly cur‘d in a fhort Time, : without a Mine‘:

Lamp, in Bow-Citirch-Yard in Cheapfide, at half'a Guinea.

fold at any. other Place is Coun-.

his famous chymical Drink. ”

- ¥°

} &, of it being known to the neareft Relatig f Ba
q, feliaw. Ithall hor afe mity Tnvitations, bat ton 73 pet
a Word, let yourCondition be never fo badd, dittrafe not, fee’

and Boltfles are ofeful for Sea or aad :
“at

Surg
which I have always read me, ‘Note :
my Door in an Evening.” by ? There sa Light

tothe theicft Hand Side, and you simy- |
Seether. " : ie dor as this, fer agrett many Years

a
>

”
 » apd’ Fuan

divides, moves an

“Egfe and Pleafore, thereby cleanfing and freeing the Preaft

>
eo

> -TCecoishenghy Been, thetat avi thaiting Booth inl?
ab NC Sturbridge bairs- were lefe, bya Porter,.a Poteelo” Che-
fhire Chéefe, nppofed to beorg 2M fo one Pérfon 2 Tf uh?
right (Cwher wis apoly tothe late jLayor of Cambridge, and
pest an Account of the “umber and Weight of the fata-Chee-
1cs,-].o may have ‘em again, payi ig ,seafsnable Charges.
1 8 _ f° This Day is pubtited, _
- *.* The Hiftory oF Ci dihmient..

e HH “OF Cicero's 8
~ Si fractus il abaturorbis, -
; Impavidum feiient rans. | Hor.

P¥inted for Jonah Bowyer at the ofc in-Pater-Noftey-Row.

. ‘Where may be-had, juft puolith'd,

.- & new and beantitil Edition of Buhop Atterb
mons and Piftouses, ik = Vals, 8vo. BO
<The 2d Vol. alone, to compleat the rh Edition of

his. Lordthip’s S.:r..ons. ° a ;
_— of Maitin Lwh r, and the Refor-

is Decence

S. 6 d. * * ; ‘ a .

HisLefence by Sir Con: Phips, 1 3.

1 geen is Deichce, by mr. Wynn, 18.60:
“Popery truly Raced, and bricly conttited, in three Parts,

r¢'Ereating of theveneral Foctines of the Komunifts;con-

eeming Chureh Autho icy, the On.on of the Church,Cutho-

‘Licifar, &e. <2° OF their particulsr Conrupt-ons. 3. Of their

fallacious ‘<eafoni g, 4 whieh the y.cndeavour to feduee Pro-
ftants, with other Ob _and s &e. By

foeen M.A. Vicar of Chriit-Chure.., &e.

ury Ss Ser-

“Mton, 1

férvaiions and Diredtion
Difcourlts, in2 Vols, bvo.
wwe — H's Difcourie of Prayer, rice 4d of = 5. per roc,
“E78 molt. confirmed’ Lepr fy, and all leprous and other
ftubborn B cakings out on the Skin, inveterate [ten &c.
wehethex ot the whole Body, or in particular. Parts only, infal-.
libly chréd'; ‘by an incomparable ‘Flectii yxy, wh-chy atcer-all
the ‘yal, Mcthods:and Mediein:s, ‘and even Saliv.ttions tried
in vain, per.ectly er dicates thofé inveterat: ALaladics, though
ofmany Years fanding, f as never to rcturn-again, accom?
plithing that irra few Jays whic no other Kieans ¢2n pollitly
rform in many Months, and that_wittthe g:cateft Safety
in the World, and without any Cojfinenent, as has been hip-
pily experidneed by many Huniireds:. Com-non Itehes, and
other ftght Foulnefies ‘of the Skin; it compleat y cures al-
moftin an Inftant, without Trowble, and oer the very worft
Statbinef, and moft grievous Leprofy, it may certzinly. be
depended upon as abfolutely mfatlibic, xs the Paticnts them-
felvcs in thice Days Timé will Mired| y find :~ It tito be had
'y at Mr. Miles’s, @ Turner, af the orii-n, .Acxt the Bolt
Tan in Feet fireet, at-ss.a Pot, ftaléjup with
The chymieal Liquor for the Hair,, ,
gr. Hair of any other

\

rections

pEich: gratiually. changes red, grey, or
Ww sable Calour, whether af the Head or E..¢-brows,
into any Drgit¢e ofa or, by abferving the Direétions:
geen with Retsle, into the moft beautitul Black in Na-
ture; that er Time nor Weathér can alter; for the-Co-.
: Teure will for ever remain .as lively as if it naturally grew {o.-
Ic. has, with ageneral Satisiaction tothe World, teen fold this
ten Years by Mr. Lockton, only, at the Grithn, the Corner of
Beckler's-Bury, in the fou'try, where'a Lock of Hair may be

feen that was ftain'd with it before it wes firlt-¢xpos'd to,fate.
Price half a Guinea a Bottle. If it does not. pfove infallible,
rctura-the Liquor, andthe Money fhajlbe reps, Where is
alfo fold, The fovercign Secret for diflolving thé.S TONE, and
expelling the GRAVEL, being. an approved. Specitick, with
ample Direétions. Price 28. 64,2 Rottiee
AT UM ASTHMATICUM, oF che ARhmatick Ju-
¢c ich.is kaawn by many Yeais Experi¢nes to bea ne-
ver tailing Medicine in old obftinate Aithma’s, whoft fuffo-
cating Fit it pus off'in 2-Moment ; it gives a perfect Relief
iy ftraining laborious Cc , chat are wumereifully trouble-
fome Night and Marning; ‘tis a moft cxeclient Kemedy for
Shortnefs of Breath upon any Matign, and in Breathing with ©
Diffenity, StraightneS of the Breatt, with Hoarftnels and
‘Wheezing. Nothing exceeds this admirabic Julen, tor by open-
tay the‘ Bronchial

; ings and there mectin g

with tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy aifegin, fo attenuates,”
d works it, that by coughing ani Spitting it.

ates and throws gp allfisch matter, ‘vith the greateft

and

-,

ye: oY

rChildren’s Teeth with:

x
wo
wae’! Jaf.

4

.- », eo? . ad
et e+ lt

-

. ial Dudts and PneumonickPaffiges, it ‘pene- J °
trates in ché innjoft Receffes of the Lu

- Thisiste give Notice, that filortly: will be déliyered to
waicrite:s. -
. *}* Twenty. two Prints of Sea Pieces-after'the Drawings
of Air. Tho. Bafton
Alajedty s Royal
ance and A
variety of Watcrs and Weathers, viz.Ctln.s, Gales, Storms,
Lightning, Moon-light, Shipwrecks, Fights, the Fifhery o
Grezr-Bricain in genet sand the Wnale rithery in particu-
kar; adorned with Aténigecture, Ports, Figures, Mot-os,
Titles, Arms, Dedicatio™1
now fintihed and a printing. Such Geaclenicn who are.wil-
o-encourage the fiid -vork, and take the Penchit'of the

ling: t
Subscription. are defired to do it fycally. The Sabferibers.

nay -de.gni upon hiving the ‘beft Paper and the -firft.Im-
re,fion 5; on? “Guinea to te pdid.dow., and :nother_ on the

clivery Of the Prints, cwenty one-of which are to be {e-n-

at tlic following . Places, where Sub{C:iptiens arc taken in.
. ‘Pho. Fowles Printiciler in: St. Paul's Ctrrch-Yard ; dona
John Row'es, over-agiintt Stocks«Market 3; Mr. Cofsley,
Bookfeller at Briftol's Mr; Combs, at-the Univerfity Print:
: ne Houfe Oxon; and Mr. Crownfreld, Bookfeller ut Car
TNge. }

I “equal to the thinneft : Part of the Sheet, ic woutd be better
and more durable than to be thicker in one Place than in ano-
ther, fo that theExcefs of ThickneS is not only an unneceflary

"Advertifement to all thofe who ute: Sheet-Lead.

Ch irge paid for, but ic makes the Shect worf:, by its ftronger

refifting the Sin-Beams, which falling alike on atl Placcs,
draws up the thinner’ Parts, when the ftronger ftays bchind,
and canfes that Gockling and cracking thereon, and is cor-
tainly fo much worfe by what it varices from an Equality ;
> whereas if Milled Lead pe but as thick as the thinneft Part
ofa Caft Sheet, befides its Beauty and Smoothnefs, th: Equt-
ity and S lidity is{nlctent to prove it mueh better thin Catt

Fond y hefides, ghere are Crack-b'ow Holes, and Sina Holes
in C:

' Mili’d Lead is aonlied to, ‘plainly thews its Pieicrenc: to Cat
Lead, viz. his Majefty’s Royal, Navy and Yar‘s, and Green-
wich Hofpital, all the fif y new Churches th ¢ hive been
bit are’ covered with Mul'd Lead, the Honourable Com-
miifioners not admitting a Propeial of Cait. It would be
endicfs ta mention what Quantity of Milld Lead is ufed on
the Houfes of the Nobility and Gentry, as 'ikewife on common
Rulidings, &c. Note, John Fincher, Plumber in Swal’ow
Strece agsint St. Janes’s Ghureh by the new Buildings, hath

*therean enti:e Lead Mill to himfelf, and fellech his Mill'd
Lead: much cheaper than others, as’any one by fencing or

-fpeaking:with han, or-<his Parrner, James Slarer_ Plumber,

_ may be fully fatisfied. ‘Th Sizes are

‘fix, feven, cight ‘or mine. per Foo® Square, or any ‘urthcr
Thicknefs, ‘ic being caft an Inca thick, and five Foot. wide :

: [t-is delivered any where about Toa free from Ctargey having
a-Cart for that -Purpofe: They alfomake Mould. Water Pipes,
after a new Method,. of all Sorts,. and excbange for Pig Lead,

oy old Lead.

This fecal

ecjal Notive is given; to-prevert Miftakes,
That Mr. Alferott is renioved a tew. Doors ‘higher in the
” “Street, viz/to the Blue-Coat-Boy, a Toy‘hop, the fecond
, Boufe above Exchange-Aticy im Cornhil', .againtt the

-Rayal-Exchange : a oe,

So Amato to prevent Conntericits, | ,
Hat the fo mueh t2m'd, and only true Original Royal Chy-
-. k tmical Wath-Balls for beautifying the Pace, Neck & Hants,
thataveré removed,to My. Allcroft’s tame Years 2go, to pre-
vert Impofitions, (the ‘Truth of which can, and-will be atteft-
edas often as requ:red, both by Mr. Allcrofe and Mrs. Giles)
are new. fold o Blue.
Coat-Boy; the-zd Houfe abeve Exehange-Alicy in Cornhill,
and at Mrs. Giles's, Milliner,
y thie ‘Temp'e, in Fleet-ftreer.

againit the Koyal.. Exchange
neat Ffercnles Piliars-Alley,->
Price ys ezech, ... | . -
They have near thete 30 Years been ufed and admired by
both séxes of the beft. of Quatity, and many. thoufands. of
Gentry aud ‘others, for making the Skin fo del.c.itely foft and
fnooth, as not to be parallel’d by any Wan, «
Kind “or Form, or any Wath-Bal', notwithftanding what is
faid tethe the contrary by Pretenders ; tor thefe Bailsare in-
by taking of all Deformi-

“‘atatLungs, when ftuffed up and clogged with a heavy Load, an real: iff Ski
{prevents Consimptions, Ulcers of the Lungs, &c. Note, de ore sesoamlat erat ms, Mo hew, Sunburn, Scurf;
deine te ce 12.4 ties, as “Tctters, Rign-worms, Morphew, » Scurf,
It is a fate-and pleatant Nicdicine 5 to be taken By Upoontuls,-1 pimpics, Pits of Redness. of the Small-pox, and keeping it
acgording to.fhe printed Direions, Withone the at Confine: | ofa lating and extrean Whitehef. They foon alter red
m it, or danger ot dank al er agai * he at {Eee COTBE | or rough Hands; ‘are admirabie-in fhaving the Head; they
tyahan Sat Che Golder eat over aga re Che NG valemenange, 4 not anly give-2 more cxyuifite iharpnefs to the Razor, bat fo
Cornhill, arid at no oth ae , lee eee 8. 60.. <° - £ comfort the Brain ‘and Nerves, hr to rae iE Gold,
rr eee ,3 sted « “nee nf the | Dhey are of a grateful and pleafant Scent, without the leaft

SHORT WAY AT. ONCE. with the Care of the Jo.) ek hie : hei

AX SECRET DISEASE, and A GLEET, minetrEafier,’ | Grain of Mercury, and may be eaten fortheir Safecy.

“2. Safer, Privater, and a deal-fooner,. by, Dy.Cock- | pufaes TEEL Sprirg or Joipted Truffes for the Cure of
burn’s Chymical Lotion, - without any. thing taken in’at.the | . SARS”. ©) Ruptures,.eafy to born. Infants, .and effe-
Mouth, than by Gourfts of: Phyfick. -Alfo the GOUT, and | 7 ete” ectual to the Aged; alfo Spring Trifles without’
Refitition in-Children. - This highly ufeful Book is Given | een. Stecl Circumference, of an entire Invention,
Gratis Up One Pair of Staits-at the Sign of the Celebrated af extraordinary eafy as weil as wfefiuly alfo Bag Truf-

ao: An LV Qe TS | Baas. fs for fix’d “Fnmiors, Perfons int Country fen.

MAT 7 NO | F) + N SO NA SS aa af. ding thejr Bignef&, and whiclrSide the. Rupture is,

\4 ne My “¥ TY. or ms a chy, a yet 3; ot At BS the ™ Pp. ' vf + /

ft ee 7h J coer’ Barcieat, at.

s Golden-Baltl in St. Paul’s
at the. Golden-Ball over-

Maren

eramended-by Dy. Chambarlen gy Big Me 7 AVATE.| Me? 3 par Pht a arene

out. Femple-Bar. ‘Mt Me. Jer, Paftn‘s, the Firt Toyfhop ta. ue-Ge.; Lane; in. Plect-Stvect, is skilfil in this Bufi-.

Popes Head-A ley amicornhill At Mr.dGreg'sBookiel: .| fet to-her' wat Bo Hey Steel Seis ‘Trufies for Ruptures at
_ lerat- Charing-Ceofs, Aodby KR, -BraQbaw hy Soho-Sqnare. | the Navel, arcex edingly. light, £ and effeQual. an

, contitting of feveral C ipital Ships of his’
byal Navy ;- taken from the Lite, by the Asfitt--
rotation of the Builde’s of the faid Snips; with

nd other, Embeiliniments, aie.

F iseg:cedby all, if we I'limbers could caft Lead cxaétly’

Lead, that often happen, and lie conceated with tire -
;, Shecty, net appearing on the Superficies. The general Ufe. the

font Pound to five, .

t )
aly at Mr. Allcroft’s ‘Toyihov, at the Bluc-

c. of any .

™ “ se
¥

. , This D:
— . ** A curious Print in Met
done from a Drawi :

«

‘ioe .
’
-

om ALontpelfer, .&e,

~.

Pottle.

"Fine tloreace Oil, at 29. per Flask.
Right trith Ufquebaugh, at 2s. the Ha
gé-! lower Water, at ¢s 6d. perBlask. |
per Quart. ~

Fine Oran

Right Rarbadoes Citron Water, at rqs.

Right Frencli Claret at 30 s. per Dozen.
- AM Sorts of Leghorn and Berm
lere is a Sign-Paper on each Bortle and Fiask, to

N. B. TI!
prevent Counterteits, ©

: A

. and her othor Eye being very

great Cold, intomuch ine ha
and beingwudvifed toa very
confiderab

cauled us to
brou
der
lives at the Hand and Eye
neir Cornhill, did apply to

told us her Eyes were curable, to our
d perfonn the Cure in a fhort tim
,Juttice to the faid Afrg;>-

under the fame Affliche: ~
wider my

ma
nd ine ineantiy®
Cortex, or that

No Letters

fart, aad alf> di

} geeit Satisfaction 5 and this E doin
Cater, that. thofé Perfons who are
Know : where: ‘to apply for Cure, - given 1
. Ay 37250
» She cures without any Inftriments
Agnes withoyt the leaft Grain of
y call the-Jéfiits Bark. Pricé 5's. the Vial."

on ma
"Hand the sz2th of @tob
Note

cures the
they
teccived except Pot paid.

thene, with King Scaniflaus's moft exce
Daughter, printe.!.on cach side ; a prop
from Parents to Children. Sold by
Mapfeiler in {t. Paul's Church-Ya
againft Stocks- Market, and at’ M
hid, in Pocket Volumes, A new Scett of Coun
England and Scotland. By Her. Moll; Geogrsy
oh . T the HUNGARY WAFER: WARE. -
HOUSE, at the Blac ‘Boy anton,»
Commer of Bell-Savage- ”
tight French:2
anor. fole’ 4
unguithed::”
OH id co
ported *

n -

2:Comb-Makers, the
Ton on Ludgate-Hiil
a Fiungary:Water, being: the
F fevcral Years paft, and is eafily di
SS4f from the pernicious couitereit &

ay,bout the Town,
‘Wom j xe, Likewife
moditics are fold ‘at the fame Place,

Right French Hungary Water, at.

ving at the Shi
Doétors Commons, Porter,
14 Years. of Age, wés blind
near dlind,. oceifioned by a
Light to gnids hertelf,
eeptk : atcer 4
le Time, he had her under his ‘Hands, we found
rize, [> that we had her
Eyes fer Advice, and’ was-
id ‘not.:be -cyred, which
t fhe would not be.
got the many and. won~
y Mrs. Cater, who till:
aftie-Cou ‘Bircnin-Lane,,
wha, at firft’ Sight of ber,
Joy-2d Comet -
e, too

the grew worie, to our great Sur
to diverfe -other-Practitioners of
informed by fome-of them fhe cow
detpair;. and we thought fhe
ght to Sight agai; but hearin

Cures o¢ the fycs pertorme

is publith’d,
zotinto of

‘Tho. Bowles,
rd, and John Bow
ctc=ts-Frall.‘~ S

phe

is fold

?
fame

pretended to be im
e- following fordig

1's. 3d. the H

lEpint Rottle..

uda Hatts for Ladies.

nov

eminent ‘ccutift, who

in C
her,
no fnall-

4

WRIGHT’s-Diuretick, or cleaning Tintture.

dich urinaliy difcharges
the Lues Alamade, or

Ww!

its Concomitants, the wretched 'T
Diftemper, asa mucous, filthy, danious |
Reins, or tpermatick Parts, which either cau:

the Uline, or too trequent

' diftoverable, partly by. the fublequent §
eaknefS of the Back, a

Debility or
averting Smell of the Urine
fecu.ent Sordes, refiding at th

Cures, not only cleanfing the
Gravel, Film

the Mistortune and Deeay. be

. qual Succef$ in each Sex,. To be had for 10s.
Lirestions for its Ute, only at his Houfe, the
and two Lamps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate

INCTUORA NERVOSA CARDIACA, onthe Cordiaké
Tin :ture for the Nerves, being an approved, .

T

aud never-failing Medicament in finki
lownefs of Spirits; Palpitation,.or Tre
aralitick, foporofe and cohvu'five Ditempers,;
istions of the Head and Nerves itinfalli
b: and Tea on the Nerves, -
in-moft People the above-mentioned Diforders fw
which you'll fee at large in the printed Book of Direci
wit yet by taking a few Fropsof this moft pleafant deli- -:

5 you ray eben 4

OTM Cire

all
A
bad Effects af Coffee

more.

ons): b

eate Cordial, in the firft Dith of Coffee’or Tea

drink- at Liberty ; for. this gre
the whole nervous S

falls a beating vigorandl

Twitchings of the Legs and
difmal-Train of Va

Vomiting, puts of€ Nanfeoufhe&, procures
and is now in great Efteém amongft Quality
Sold only at_G. Strahan's, Rookfeller, at the Golden

yat-Exchapg?s and-et Ne- other -.

. Cotnhill, over-againi the" Ro

+

’ Place. Price 2s. 64, -

LON EON. + Wiskedby Nei MIST, mm Great-rer-fane.
. or a a é ee an wee TLS .. - . <a - .

Variety of Figures, Farther, this Tincture
olf all Relicks of the Venereal Difeafe, witer

or membrancous Pellicics, &e.
fingular Etficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftoring.th
all their genital Parts, to their original

whol yftem, and fo recrits the Rrai
coydia with a full Influx of exulting Spirits, whic
Bulinefs of vital. Function with treth i ,
nefs ; fothat the Puif& whiah lay feeble and wavering, now --
Ys and: wit ,
— aver, it wonderfully difperits Fear, eed Th aft .
Amms, difturbe NS athe -
urs and Melancholy. ie hoi ope *
te, > .
Bit!
other

all the Beces or
Venereal inteé

Tain «

i me)

Am

ter

provoxcsit. T

>» With a
c Botrom, or f

€ 3

; it man
Urinary Pal

one and Uft,
of

of the

ng, |
uo

ith

at Medicine penotrates
n‘a

reat Exaét

Sadnek, contd Tho

i

4

« * an
4 7 =a

lacrity, and new B

*

- , =

Appe
en

capeiced

Ne

in ,
.

an

. ~*~

_

—" *
.
é

ng of Monatieur Bouver clear ore front

ent Advice tu hig *
proper New-Year's Gitt ©
Prine and-.
es over |
Where may ,

a

*
a

trid yelicks of

ection, and caufes:

ot that comnlicared ”
lodg"din the +
fharpnefsin '
int is Relien is:
fect naidtous, and”
purtlent Matter, or-
Ying ia it, with «

a.

NNF, ‘Daught€? of Samuel Ladd, lis -
p.and Crofs Daggeis at
being about
of one Eye,

-&

ig

.
He

many -

}

e.
a -

tn
ere
=
“sy
. .

7
,

oe

s

?
ry

bd

‘ ‘
on * ee eo

a
~
-

fpecially carries | -
ill managed
€3-OF all Sand,-
but after
Fchongt’? .
longeft Date, withaqge--
Hott, With.

~
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 18 Dec. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786240/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 