, ar 2 wien ky 3 Jape a? >. - .
a “4 ch .? oe i “. Sa an ae
, eer x ”% ee 1, .< wt Be se ae, ; rr ea
. _¢ . bd . , . . ac my,
ow .

ties, and only acquir’d the Languases neceflar;

‘and lovuk kindly

. * *

«NE of. my Correfpondents is plea-
\ fed to Addrefs to me with ‘a.Latin
Motto at the Head of his Epiftle,
notwithitanding that its Contents:
concern no Perfon except himfelf.
, a -It has long been a Cuftom
for us Authors, who write to the whole World,
to fix a-Scrap of Latin at the Head of our Effays,
to what Purpofe [can’t réll, uulefs it be. to fhew
our Learning, bur I am at a Lofs what to think
of this Humours creeping into private Epiftles.—
There is a very honeft Gentleman of my Ac-
quaintance, who is obferved never to talk a Word
of Latin till he comes to his third Bottle, that
is ro fay, till he has almott loft his Wits, and
then he is generally the greateft Scholar in the
Company ; at fuch Times he ‘rattles without
ceafing, yet his Memory is always fo prefent to
him, that he can quote Cicero or Horace for every
filly Thing. which efcapes him. — I can’t rell
whether the Gentleman who fent. me the follow-
ing Epiftle was under this Influence at the Time
he indited it, burt I find he was poffes’d with
fomething that feems to have much the fame Ei-
fett, and this is: Love. ~—-But ro-come to the Letrer.

~

Cuique pecus denfo pafcebant agmine colles,
. Et Domino fatis, &P nimium furique lapoque,
' . Nune defiderium fupereft.
STR, .
--A § you are the Oracle of thofe diftrefs’d by
“A Love, Itake the Liberty to addrefs you,
being literally one of the Number, but, more
wnhappy.then thofe tormented by an iiconftant
Phillis, or a faithlefs Philander, as you will fiud
by the brief Account of my Condition. |
.T was born a Gentleman, and as fuch educated
at School, until 17, when I was fent to Travel,
and fpent berwixt chree cr four Years abroad,
during which Time I worfhip’d the merry Dei-

for entertaining the Fair: When 1 returned to
the Country of my Lirth, i took Pufiecdion of my
Eftate, loved it awuy, snd am not yet izven and
ewenty: My Liberty is precarious, which renders,
my Cafe riore defgerate and worthicr your {age
Confideration, by twhich if you cen devile any
Method for my ‘Syipport, you fhall be the great
Apolio of . © Unfortunate tidullus,

$f I underftand:this Gentleman right, his Mean-
ing is, that he was‘once Mafter of a very pretry
¥ortune, and being a Ferfon accomplifhed for
the Service of the:Ladies, or in their Language
a yery pretty Fellow ; he carried his Gallantry {5-
far as to fpend all his Fortnne and cuia himfelf

for their Sakes. 5 _ Se
-I don’t know but: this Gentleman may have.

found out the beft: Cure in the World for the
Paffion of Love; at the fame Time I tako ir to
tbe the moft unlikely Mcthod of ficcceding with
‘a Miftrefs: Poversy: is look’d upon as a. kind
of Contagion and therefore the Women gencral-
Jy turn’ their Eyes. from the Man in Diftrefs,
anty on the fortunate; it. is
faid, that Gold'has.a wery ftrange Ec& on their
Sight, ic makes thé moft awkard Mien appear
-eafy and genteel, and turns even an H-—— inio
an Adonis. If my. Friend fcught only a
Cure for his Paffion, I..don’s doubt but he has

~

SATURDAY, AUGUST

- . *
“ . +, @ . .
"+ st ba . “a. fe Af - . sa, ew oe . *
: . . “ we . tae . «* ~*~. a tra
: * . ‘oh - * .“
.

.
v .

TA, 1725.

t

| fucceeded; but if he would be beloved, he fhould

have kept his Effaré. <“Monficur Boileay made the
following’ Remark on the Ladies of his Time,

SFamais Sur-Intendent-ne trouva de Cruelles.

Which is as much.as to fay in plain Englifh, That
@ Lord of the Treafury never found a Woman cruel ;
and an Englifh Poer has much the fame Opinion
of our own Ladies, when he fays, a

He fighs with moft Succefs thar'fettles well.

But now that our unfortunate Lover is quite un-
done, he is alrozether ar a Lofs what to do with.
himfelf, and how to live, as if a Man who had
pais’d his Days in the Service of the Ladies,
could not live by Love ; this certainly muft ap-
pear very ftrange to feveral amorous young Gen-
tlemen who have nor yer got through rheir E-
ftates in purfuir -of Love Adventures ; but if I
were not afraid of orfending the Ladies by ta-
king from them one of their greateft Attributes,
1 would undertake to prove that Love aldne is
the moft hungry Diet in the World.

Sine Cerere & Baccho friget Venus.

But my Correfpondent expe@s that I fhould give
him my Advicein whar Manner he fhould-pro-
vide for hi:wfelf, wow that he is come to his Sen-
fes, by runnin, out his Eftate. ——-I confefs I ne-
ver was fo puzzel’d in my Life, for I look upon
itt: be a very difficult Thing to find out whara
Man can be fic for who has pafs’d all his Days
in Dangling : Yam not fond of triumphing over
any Geatleman’s Misfortunes, but in thefe Cir-
cumftaiees, i¢ Would be barbarous to flacrer and
deceive a Perfon in Dift-efs; ctherefore,. I mut
tejh cll him plainly, thar he is not very well qua~
lifie* tur any Bafinefs where a Man is to make his
Way by Induftry and good Management : But as
there are certain Stations of Life contrived for,
and appropriated to a Sort of Men, whom we
uluelly ditinguifh by the Name of the INSIGNI-
PICANT, I would advife my Friend by all Means
‘endeavour to be made a Knight of or get
fome.confidcrable Placé at Court.

Up the whole, I would by no Means encou-
rage any young Gentleman to Jove away his E-
ftzre, in order to make his Fortune. The La-
dies may pity, but they never fmile upona Man
iu a Thresd-bare Coat, and the Weeld will al-
low fuch no Quarter.

Ler ic beremember’d what Ovid, the Matter of
Love, inas hid uron thac Subictt—-Ler us nor,.
fays he, raife ay Altars to Venus, fince the Domi-
pion fhe holds-denenads upon our own free Will.
Why fhould we iidulge our own Weaknets to
raife Tr:pnies to her? For Reafon is able co
difpute with her ail her Victories, and her Glo-
ry is only buile upon our Weaknefs, even her
Beaucaes caunot wound us, unlefs we yield and
furrender up our Arms. We are all born free,
and we may, with open Liberty, decide betwixt
Guano, Minerva and Venus, - Weare in this
World prefented with the Choice, either of a la-
boricus Life, which ‘cuts out the Way to Wealth
and Diguity, and flatters our Ambition, of a Life
moie calm and eafy, whofe Ends are Vertue and
Wifdem, the Fruit of Repofe, or of a foft and lu.
xurious Life, which lulls us to fleep in the Arms
of Pleafure, ———~—~— Thofe who chofe. the lat

we
.

r ‘ . ,
-af@ ca an
woot 184g ot
- * oe

oo. Ld .

.

*

i
’

build up a ‘Temple to Verius, deliver her the’ Gol-
eden Apple, and caufe her to triumph over her
Rivals, they give Way'to the Infatuation of Me
dea, who knowing the beft, yet chofe the wortt.--
They are dazzled with falfe Appearancés,’ ard
prefer Flowers to Fruits, and ‘being churm’d With
the. SweetnefS of a poifon’d Portion, ‘they drink
it, and die, ———-=They furm their Condu& ipon
the falfe Judgment of Paris, who,’ detpifing* the
immortal. Beautigs of Verrue, pronounced ‘ii Fa-

.
oce .
a we

.

vour of Luxury and Pleafure, “|

Let us place before our Eyes the three God-
defles, which are the Symbols of the three dif-
ferent States of. Life before-nam’d, with” PAris,
their Judge, fitting, as it were, upon’ his ‘Tribu
nal; tfay, ler us confider this Picture, and -wé

fhall find, thar, the celeftial Powers ‘lay tio Re-

ftraint upon the Liberty of our Actions, that - we
are our felves the Arbitrazurs of all the Godd and
Evil which happens to us ; and that our Misfortenes:
are generally no niore than the Confequence of our own

t

Blindnefs, and bad Choice. Loe
 FORELGN AFFAIR
There is Advice from Vienna, that the Ap’

prehenfion of what may be containéd in fhe fe-

cret, Articles of the Treaty concluded bétween
their. Imperial and Catholick Majelties,” givés
great Uneafinefs.to the Britifh, French and

Dutch Minifters ac that Court, who have Inftra-

Ctions, and are accordingly ufing all Diligence

to get Information of ‘the Subfance of rhéms

But they were fo privately tranfacted, thar alk -

their Endeavours hitherto have been to no Par=

g?

pofe. So that what is given out by fome, that’

Prince Eugene would be fent to Hanover to
communicate thofe Articles to.the King of Great
Britain, is not agreeable to the referved Con-
du& of the faid Court on this Occafion, and
therefore feems groundlefs ; or if there is fucl¥ a
Defign of communicating thefe Secrets, ic mutt
be attributed to the extraordinary Refpe& his
Imperial bas for his. Britannick Majefty. -
They add, that the Emperor is determined ta
defend and improve'the Trade of his Subje&s.

From Poland they write, rhar feveral of the
Grandees, who are determined to cbftrn@ the
the Accommodation of the religious Affairs in the
enfuing Dyet, have written a Letter to King#
Staniflaus, wherein they congratulate him on the
Princefs bis Daughter’s Marriage with the King
of France, and incimate the great Scrength of
their Party, together with rhe abovefaid Refo-
lution. —- In the mean time it looks as if
Frauce had fome Inclination to be concerned
in the Affairs of Poland, their Ambaffador at
the Hague having affur’d their High-Mighrinef-
fes, who at laf begin co incereft themfelves chere~
in, chat his Mafter will fincerely enter into any
Meafures. with them and the reft of the Pro-
teftant Powcrs for procuring a Redrefs of the
Grievances complain’d of at Thorn. And they
will have the nore Liberty to profecute their In-
clination, if the Differences berween the Courts
of- France -and Spain be fo pear an Accommoda-
tion as our Letters from Madrid doimport, the
King of Spain having accepied the Mediation
of his Holinefs for that End. But itis plain the
French havé fomething more than.the Concerns
of Religion in View. |

:)
 Calais, Aig. g. O.5. At Phrée this Mornt
a large Englifh Ship toming from Holland, an
bound to Guinea, thro” bad Pilotage run upon
the Sands to the Eaftward of this Town, and
they are now bufy in unloading her. This

Day failed for England. Mr. Norris, Son to. the |:

Admiral of that Name, and arrived at che fame
Time Coll. Orway, in his Way to his Regiment
and Command at Port Mahon. -

Dublin, Aug. 6. The firft of this Month be-

ing the Anniverfary of his Majefty’s Acéeffion to

the Throne, it was obferved as ufual. Laft Sa-
turday the Honourable Mifs Cartaret was inocu-
laced for the Small-Pox ‘Tuefday Edward
Thompfon, Efq,; was {worn in as a Commiffioner

of the Revenue.
Edinburgh, Aug. 5. General Wade is gone to-

wards the Highlands, and has left the Command
of the Forces héréabouts to Coll. Cambell. ——
A Gentleman who {poke with fome Britith Ofi-
cers on Board of the Mufcovire Men of War,
which hover’d about the Coaft laft Month, fays,
ghey were from 50 to yo Guns, and that they
told him, they were going to take Madagafcar,
and to fertle a Colony there. —————. Notwith-
ftanding another A& of Council and Seffions has
been publifhed, rhreatning the Brewers with Im-

ifonment if they do not comply with the for-
mer, they ftill perfift in their Refolution: In the
mean ‘Time Preparations are making for tryal of
the Rioters; and, we hear, thofe that atrack’a and
‘purfued the King’s Forces will be try’d for high
Freafon, and thofe concern’d in plundering for
Felony. The Highlanders have fentca Remon-
ftrance to General Wade.

Glafgow, Aug. 4. Nine of the Soldiers in Gar-
sifon here have been put in Prifon for breaking
into a Houfe and taking away fome Goods be-
longing to Mr. Cambell of Shawfield, but they
were releafed the Day after, with which the
People are highly diflatisfy’d. In the late Tu-
gult here, was writ on the Door-Pofts of Mr.
Cambell’s Houfe,

Built by Robbing.—Pull’d down by Mobbing.

Shrewsbury, Aug. 7- At the Affizes here for
the County, 2 received Sentence of Death for
Houfe Robberies; John Rogers, a Lad, for ftea-
ling the Value of 5s. and John Sayes for ftea-
ling 41. Two burnt in the Hand, and to fuffer
Jmprifonment and hard Labour for 6 Months ;
"one for ftealing fome Sheep and a Pigg, and the

other a Pair of Boots.. A Woman and her Son
indi&ed for petty Treafon, in murthering her
fecond Husband, who was alfo the Son’s Matter,
were acquitted. A Man fined 31. for affaulring
and beating two others. A Horfé-ftealer convi-
&ed the Affizes before, erder’d for Tranfportation
for 14 Years.

Noraich, 4ag. 7. Onthe 3oth paft, at Night,
a Taylor offering fome Incivility to a Barber and
a yaing Woman, who were ftanding ata Door,

» when they withdrew, endeavouring to force
in after them, was run into the Body by the
Barber, with an old Sword, fo that he died the
mext Day. ‘The Coroner’s Inqueft having fat
on the Body, brought in their Verdi& Manflaugh-
ey, there appearing no Malice in the Cafe, and
the Sword being in a Scabbard, fo old that the
Point came out thcreat.———-—"Tis fufpefed thar
Grice who died the Day after Condemnation was
poifon’d by his Confederates.

Salisbury, Aug.g. Smith and the other Male-
factor under Sentence of Death here, were for
being their own Executioners, and, for that End,
took each a large Dofe of Poyfon; which being
perceived to operate very much the Day after,
the Sheriff caus’d “em to be hang’d up early the
next Morning...e--=—On Thuriday fe‘nnight John

.
a eee eee

*

Ryte of Landford, Efq; Grandfon of the late
Judge Eyre, taking froma Shelf a Gun, which
was loaded with Shot, by an unhappy Accident
difcharg’d into his Body, near the Navel, of
which he died in half an. Hour. ee

Rumfey, Aug. 9. The Mob has lately commiit-
ted fome Outrages here, and at feveral -other
Places in thefe. Parts, as at Winchefter, Sarum,
Southampton, and in the Ifle of Wight, on Ac-
count of the Corn being bought up for Expor-
tation.

Tork, Aug.9. On Monday faft his Majefty’s 100
Guineas were won by Mr. William’s bay Horfe
Squirrel. On Tuefday the 361. Plate, by Mr
White's Gelding Single Peeper. On Wedne(day
the 401. Plate, by Mr. Medcalfe’s Horfe Harle-
quin. On Thurfday the 0 1. Ladies Geld Cup,
by Mr. Routh’s Horfe Surly. The Galloway 2ol.
Plate, by Sir William Blacket’s Gelding Bold

urk.

Maidftone, Aug. 9. On Thurfday laft the Cri-
minals aforemention’d were executed ; they boch
ownd their Guilt, and Reynolds, who 1 ved at
Canterbury, in his dying Speech confrm’d tie
Story of an Apparition lately talk’d of rhere ; and
deny'd his having any Hand, or knowing of any
Artifice in that Macter, with which he had been
charge by fume Peopie.

Mr. Baron Lant is come to Town from Edin-
burgh, and hae been to wait on fome of the Mi-
niftry.

Her Grace the Dutchefs of Mountague, and the
Countefles of Oxford and Suffex are with Child.

The Earl of Strafford aud Lord Bathurf have
been both lately to pay their Court to his Royal
Highnefs at Richmo-d, and were received with
parccular Marks of Efteem. The former is gone
to his Sear at Frefton-Hall in Suifolk, and the lacter
to his in Gloucefterfhire.

A new Commiflion of rhe Peace went down this
Week fcr che Highlands. a

A Marriage 1s concluded between Sir John
Thorold’s eldeft Son, and a Daughter of George
Pitt, Efq; —Alfo between the eldeft Son of Sir
Juftinian Ifham and Mrs. Hatch, -.of Northamp-
tonfhire, whofe Fortune is about 300001.

A few Days fince, the Wife of Mr. Collet,
Daugh:er to Sir Czfar Child, died in Childbed of
her firft Child. ,

_ They write from Geneva, Aug. 4. that all the
Englifh Noblemen that, were there crofs’d the
Lake in a Brigaati.:e, to repair 10 Evian; and
that the King of Sardinia regul'd them at Supper
very fplendidiy : And as the Lord Spescer,
Grandfon to the Duke of Marlborough, was. a
monet them, his Sardi.ian Majetty co.nplimen

ted him, faying, He was glad to fre the Gramifon of |
a great Man, for whom he had «ways a@ fimere 4

Friend(bip.

They tell us from Paris, Aug. 18. That ara.
Ball which the Duke of Antin gave at Stras-
burg, after a fplendid Supper, co King Sraniflaus
and all his Family, 5 Saxons, whereof 3 gave
themielves out for Barons were arrefted, with 2

- Huntfmen, and a Centinel of the Royal Regi-
$

ment of Bavaria, and their Papers and Eife
fealed up. "Tis faid to be on Account of the late
Attempt to poifon King Staniflaus’s Tobacco.

We hear from Portfmouth, Aug. 8. that the
Farmers in that Neighbourhood had been late-
ly very fevere upon the poor Leafers, not enly

in refufing them the Liberty of picking up the-}.

featter'd Ears of Corn, but in beating them,
and Women, to their Surprize, mifcarried upon
it. They, being the Poor of the Town, apply'd
to the Mayor for Relief, thinking he could help

them ; but were anfwer'd, that it was not in his

a

Power. 'The Farmers alfo apply'd to Mr. Mayor,
reprefenting certain Abufes that fome of the peor
People were guilty gr upon which the Beadle
was order'd to cry down the Praétice of Lea-
fing; the Populacé rofe tumultuoufly thereupon,
but, upon reading the Proclamation, they dif+
perfed; but as fomé of the Farmers were ORG
out of Town, in their Returm home they faluted
them with a Volley of Stones. - . . > 9 y
_ We hear that Sir Arthur Haflerigg of Nofely.
inthe County of Leicefter, Bart. was ierely marri-
ed to Mrs. Sturgis, his Coachman’s Daughter. -
_Yefterday when they went to ring the Bell ag
Lincoln’s-Inn Chappel, they found a Man hang’d
there by the Bell Rope. Sot: |
Laft Week 4 Tradefinen were drinking at an:
Alchoufe about 4 Miles beyond Croydon, and
ftaying ull very lace, two of chem, one of which.
was a Butcher, bound for London, refolved to
go that Night, and :ho’ it was extraordinary dark,
laid a Wager of a Guinea thar he'd ger firf€ to
Croydon Turnpike, and notwithftanding the. o-
ther two difivaded them from it, they mounted.
tucir Horfes and went away full Speed, the one
comiag to the Turnipe found the Butcher’s Horfe
there before him, but without his Rider, and
telling the People of the Turnpike what had
pais'd, they went back with him with a Light to
fee for the Butcher, whom they found in the
Road within a Mile of the Houfe they ftarted
from, with his Scull broke in a difmal Manner,
and his Head and Body all over Blood, withoue
any Life ; ic was fuppofed that he fell down, and
that his Horfe kick’d him, and,.perhaps, theo 1
ther rode over him, whereupon he was carry’d
to the Houfe they fer our from, where che other
two remained ; the utmoft Emdeavours were ufed
to bring him to Life, but to no Purpofe.
On Thurfday laft one James Clift was comnfit-
ted to Newgate upon the Oath of his Accomplice,
for felonivufly breaking and entring the Houfe of
her Grace the Duichefs of Leeds, } ,
John Folliard, commonly called Sir John Fol- |
jiard, who lately obtained his Majefty’s Pardon,
and pleaded the fame at the Old-Baily, was this
Week committed ro New.Prifon for Felony.
Mr. Buthel, Keeper of the Garehoufe, Weft-
minfter, died rhis Weck. ,;
We have the following Defcription of the lar-
gcft Whale rakn by the Triton, one of the 12
South-Sea Greenland Ships, diz. 5¢ Foor long,.
the Tail 17 Foot broad, the Fins nine and a half
broad, the Head 11 Foot, the Mouth 30 Fuor
round, the Eyes about 12 Foot afunder, and a-
bout 14 Foot from his Nofe, the lower jaw 9 or
10 Foor long, and abour the fanve in Breadth;
che upper Jaw hatch only one Bone, which rnns
all along the Head to the End of his Nofe, and
on each fide grows the Whale Bone, and lieth ald
within his Lips asa Man’s Tecth do, but he hath
no Teeih. ‘The Bone is about 10 Fuor long, and
he hach about 250 Pieces of them in each fide o
his Mouth, and ar the End long Hair like Horfes
Mane, His Tongue 8 Foot long, § Foot broad
and 3 Foot thick: on his Head isa Bump, on
each lide of which is a Spout-hole, out of thele
he doth fiercely fpout out Water fometimes, fo

that it roars like a Cannon, and may be heard 3

Leagues off. His Pizzle 10 Foot long. |
Laft Saturday dy’d the Lady Dowager Cornwal-
lis at Tunbridge. - : . ee
To Morrow wi be preached two Sevmons ; in the
Morning by the Rev. Mr, Henry Gaky, Chaplain’ to the
Rt. Hon, the Lerd High ChanceHor of Great Britain ; in
the Afternoon by the Rev. Mr. Henly, M. A. Refor of
Chelmondipton in Suffolk, fov the Benefit of 50 poor

_ Children belonging to the Charity School of the Precin®

of St Katherine's by the Tower of Lendove
 Ey ae eee

South-Sea Stock is 121, thalfi Bank 136, |
3qrs) India 172 1 half,

African 13, 1 8th,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ta be SO

"A Nextraosdinary fine Pad 14 Hands high, 8 Years old, ve-

ty itrong, and perfectly found, trors as weil as paces, ve-
‘Ky light, true and eaty, has no bad -iuasity, or fingle Fault,
and.is fit. for any Lady, or other Perfon or the tirft Rank.
"Enquire at Nir. Greenfield's, a Chandler's in Tufton-Street,
Wear the Horfe-Ferry, Weitminiter ; but thofe who are not
Willing to give 35 Guineas for fuch a Horft, are defired to

"give chemfeives no ‘Trouble in looking after him,

‘This Day is publithed ,
1%," A New TREATISE ot LIQUORS, wherein the
Ore and Abufé of Wine, Malt-Drinks, Water, &c. are par-

_ ticularly Confidered in many Dileafes, Contuturions, and

$3 With the proper manner of ufisg them, Hot or Cold,
ae: a Phyfick, Pict, or Bath. Containing plain and éa-
£ Long Life. The whole being a full Determination
of all “that hath lately been publith'd on thofe Subjeéts, tho’.
chielly contrary to the Opinion of Dr. Chyene, Dr. Roufe,
Dr. Short, Mr. Smith, Lommius, Vander Heyden, Dr. Han-
cock, and others. By JAMES SEDGWICn, Apotnecary
at Stratiord-le-Bow. Printed tor Charles Rivington at the
Bible and Crown in St. Paul s Church-¥ ard. Price 5s.
Where alfo may oo.
Dr, Strother’s Effay on Sickneis and Health, 2d Edition:

: Juft publith’d, ae .

*,* The Practical Surveyor ; thewing ready and certain
Methods for meafuring, maping, and adorning all Sorts of
Lands and Waters, by the fevera: Inftruments ufed for this
Purpofe, particularly by a new Theodolitc, very convenient
to be ufed by thofe who are refolved to be accurate, as well
as expeditions: sogether with the Ufe or the fame [heodo-
lite, in drawing the perfpective Appearance o7 a Geiatle-.
man’s Seat, without meufuring the fing'e Length, at one fet-
ting down of the Inftruinent, the Piccure having any given
Pofition : Alfo its Ufe in Levelling, meafiring Timber ttan-
ding, and by a Sliding Rule improy‘d, all Timbers, Shrubs, &c.
And the Ufe of a curious univerial Dial, whica finds the Va-
riation of the Compass, and folves many pleafant aftronomi-
eal Problems, &c. by Infpection. N. B. The greateit Part
ofthis Treatifeis entirely new, the reft extract d trom Ex-

rience, and the beft Authors yet extant. Sold by Thomas

euth, Mathematical Inftrument maker at the Hercules
and Globe next, Door to the Fountain Tavern in the Strand,
and by v.ichard King, Bookfeiler, at the Prince’s Arms in
St. Paul’s Church-Yard. Price bound 3s.

uft 2, 1725, about 3 Years pafta Gentleman reading in
At Advertifements of the many and great Cures of the
DROPSY periorm’d by Mrs. KNELL ot Middle- Street
Cloath-Fair, near Weft{mithtield ; the Gentleman enquir'd
of feveral whom fhe had cur'd, and found the fame to be true;
he having the faid Diitemper, apply'd to her, and the, un-
der God, made a wonderful Cure on him in alittle Time. En-
quire at the Horfe-lerry, in Great Chelfea, of Mr. JOHN
Gu LEFORD, and you may be fatisfy'd of the Truth hereof.

etwo folowing remarkable Cures were alfo very lately
perform’d by thefaid Mrs. KNELL, viz.

I. Thomas Barron, Siik-Dyer, of Black Swan-Alley, near
Queen-Hithe, Thames-Street, who, after a great Expence in
trying other k emedies, to no Purpole, received a perfect Cure.

IL. John Stokes, of Lamb-Lane, in Church-Street, Green-
wich, recommended by a Perfon of the fame Town, who was
cur’d by the faid excellent Remedy, which is to be_had only
at the Place aforefaid.———-N.8. The dangerous Condition
thefe two Perfons were in, they and feveral of their Neigh-
bours are ready to atteft.

Aram that wants Company at-a very pleafant Country

Horfe, about so Miles from London, would Lodge or.

Board three or four Perfons: Enquire at Myr. Philpot’s-
Office in Dean’s-Court near St. Paul's Church-Yard, who
likewife can inform you of feveral Houfes to Let, both tur-
nifhed and unfurnithed, Town or Country.

‘W Rayner, Surgeon, living at the Blue Pofts in Prefton’s-
Yard, the lower end of the Minories, the Name Rayner and
golden Ball hanging over the Gate, near LittleTower Hill.

BS es a fpeedy and fafe Cure forthe Pox or Clap, with all

A 4 its various Symptoms, by his famous chymical Drink,

being Pleafant inTafte, yct effectual in curing that dang-rous

Difeafe, which bas been the Ruin of Hundre s by falling intro

inskilful tIands. I cure (under God) the moft inveterate Pox,

in 3 Weeks at fartheft, as Uleers in the Throat, lott Palate,
finking in the Nofe, Phymofis, Paraphymofis, Shankers, pocky

Warts, Buboe or {welling inany Pare. If your Body be ful

of Ulcers and Scabs, in a few Days I remove all thof hetero-

genous Particles, takingaway all Pains in the Head, Shoulders
and thin Bones, fothat this {ulubrious Liquor reftores theBody
to perfect Health. They that have made Tryal of it wonder
at the Cures it performs. Thofe who have newly got a Clap,
may entirely depend onaCnre, by taking two or three Dofes

Of my venereal Pilis or Bolufies, without Hindrance of Bu-

finef, or it being known to the neareft Relation or Bed-
flow. I fhall not ufe many Invitations, but rather leave

youl to make Experience, which isbeyondall Argument. In

a Word, let yourCondition be never fo bad, diftrnt not, for

I promife very fair, no Cure no Money. Ido any thing in

Surgery. My Pills and Bolwfles are ufeful for Sea or Land,

which I have always ready by me, Note, There’sa Light at

sy Doorin an Evening,

“.

y Rules for tne Prefervation of Heaith, and the Attain-.

HE: Dog-Fith lately brought from Greentand, (and fince
falfely reported to be dead) is now alive and in per-
fect Health, on Board a Barge ncar the Folly, againft Cu-
id’s Bridge, where any one may fee it in full Pertection,
laving given Abundance of Satistaction- already to a great
Number of Nobility and Gentry.

*“«" Lilium Sarnienfé, or a Defcription of. the Guemfay-
Lilly. To which is added, the Botanical Diffection of the
Coffee-Berry ; read and demonftrated on feveral Preparati-
ons at a Meeting of the Royal Society, March 1B, 1725-59
with Figures. by Dr. James Douglafs, Honorary ellow of
the Royal Coilege of’ Phyficians, London, and Fellow of the
Koyal Soeiety. o ;

A comparative Defcription of allthe Muftles in a Man,
and in a quadruped, fhewing their Difcoverer, Ufe and Dit-
ference. ‘T'o which is added, An Account of the Mufties pe-
culiar to 2a Woman, With an etymologicat Table, and fe-
veral ufefiil Indexes. By the fame Author. ;

A, Catalogue of fimple Medicines that are fit to be ufed in
the Practice of Phyfick and Surgery, containing the Names
of the Difpenfatory, or Shop Preparations, &c. To which are
added, Two very weful Tables.

The Method of performing the high Operation, in which
the Stone is extracted out of the Bladder above the Os Pubis.
Faithfully collected from the Writings of that famous Tri-
umvirate, Mr. Francis Rofley, who firft invented it, Mr. ohn
Deuglafs, who lately revived, and firft fiecefstull / practifed
it on living Bodies, Mr. Chefleden, who has fince requently
perform’d it with a wonderftl Dexterity, and moft furprifing

uecefs.

_All Printed for G. Strahan at the Golden Ball over-again{t

Che Royal-Exchange in Cornhill.

This Day is publified, =

*,* Antiquaries Vulgares ; or, the Antiquities of the
common People, giving an Account of feverai of their Opi-
nions and Ceremonies, with prover Redecrions upon each
of them 5 thewing which m-y be retained, and which ought
to be laid afide, By Henry Bourne, M. A. Curate of the
parochial Chapel of All Saints in “Newcaftle upon Tyne.
Printed.for the Auth-r, and fold by J. Peele at Lock's Head
in Pater-Nofter-Row.

WHEREAS Thomas Adie made his Efeape out of
; Bechlehem-. : ofpital, about 6 Weeks fince ; he is about.
26. Years of Age, five Fvot eight Inciies high, of a pale
Coinplexion, and down Look, wearing, when he went a-
way, .a brown Coat and Waftecoat, Leather Biecches, a Cap
his Hat flouching over his Fyes. ‘Whoever fecures him, and
gives Notice to Mr. Jofzph Parker, Apothecary in Litch-

field, orto Mr. Samuel ELood Founder, in St. Ann’s-Lane,

the Corner of Fefter-Lane, London, fhali be fatisiy'd for
their Trouble, and allowed reafonadle Charges.

On Monday will be ublifhied, the fecond Vol. of
_ 4 * THE HUMORIST, being Effays upon feveral Sub-
jetts, viz. An Account of tie Author Sto-kjobbers, A nthors,
Travels, Fancy, Journalifts, the Weather, Hope, Educa
tion, Prating, modern Inventions, Luxu:y, Libels, popu-
lar Difcontents, great Men, theatr:cai I'ntertainments,
Method in Writing, Suicide, Lofidelity, publick Sports, Le-
vity, the Duty of Authors, a Club of Authors, Hap inef,
one.:, Cafiee-Houfes, Mafquerades, Patrioti{m, Bifhop
Burnet's Hiftory, Mortality, the Characters of different Na-
tions, Seditiun, Hopers, fome Characters of the prefent Age.
Printed for Tho. Woodward at the Half-Moon: over-againft
St. Dunftan’s Church in Fleet-Strect. Where may be had,
I. The 3d Edition of the firft Vol.
If. Cato’s :etters in four neat Pocket Vols. with the
Character of the lute John Trenchard, E a ; .
0 Ht. The Art of Thinking; by Monf. roufaz, in2 Vols.
vo,

I John Rydings, Jliying at the Plough
Alchonfe in Stocks-Market, having been
long afflicted with fore Eyes, which pyro-
cceded from an extraordinary Cold, fo that
TF was in Danger of lofing my Sight while I lived’ in this
World, had T not teen advifed to apply my felf to. Mrs. Ca-
ter at the Hand and Eye in Cafile-Court in Birchin-Lane,
who under God, hath made a perteét Cure in as thort a time
as could be expected, to the Surprize of ajl that knew me;
and this I defire may be published for the Renefit of thofe
that may havethe Misfortune to want the A fliftance of fo ex-
pericnced a Perfon. Given under my Hand the rsth of Tune
1725. ; ohn Rydings,
Note, She cures without any [nftrument; and fhe infallibly
cures the Ague, withont the leaft Grain of Cortex, or that
they call the jefuits Bark. Prices s. the Vial. No Letters
received except Poft paid.

TH E beft Water in the World, fo call’d by thofe who have
experienc’d it to be fo for the Itch, or any itching Hu-
mours. It hath teen taken inwardly for the Kin ‘s-Evil. It
is guod to cure fore Eyes, or any other Sores, U cers, or Fi-

| Kulas; it has preferved feveral from having their Limbs cut off,

when all other Means have failed. Sold by the Perfon that
makes it, at the Sign of the Green Canifter next to the Do
and Bear Inn at London Wall near Little Moregate, who is
the Original and only Perfon that can make it. Soldby Mr.
Gouge at the Caftle in Weftminecr-Hall, Mr. Radford’s
Toyfhop at the Kofe and Crown over-againft St. Clement's
Church- Yard in the Strand near Arundel-ftreet, Mr, Raw'sat
the North Eatrance of the Royal-Exchange, over-againft Bar-
tholomew-Lane, My. Stewart Bowyer, Bookftller, under Ald-
ate Church over-againft the Mineries, Mr. Fan, Bruthmaker
in St. Mary Ax; N.B. Ithas no Smell. Price 18. 6{d. each
Bottle, with printed DireCtions how to ufe it. What is fold:

cliewhote cangot be depended on, being counterfeited,

W Heres in Mift’s Weekly Journal, on Saturday the soth
of February 1725, as alfo in other papers of tue fame
date, andfince, is advertis’d a powder lately imported, which.
in’ every refpect iullv anfwers the uf of Coffee, and there be-
Ing a larger deinand than was ex cted, feveral perfons went
Without ; care will be taken for the future to prevent the
like, a large parce} being juft arrived exceeditig fine and good,
which may be tafted at the firft houfe on the lett hand in Beil-
Savage-Yard on Ludgate Hill up- one pair of Stairs, where
any Quantity may be had at 28. 6d. per pound. N. B. No lef
than one pound is fold; it will anfwer withoue mixture of

Coffee, and hath been much approved on fince the Adver-
fement.

tl |
Ac GRGEON, who has praétifed, for fome time, the Art
1 of curing Ruptures, either in the Navel, Groin, or Cod,
without the Ufe of any Inftrument, andfu perfectly, that the
infirm Perfon, whether Man or. Woman, Will never after
have the leaft Occafion for wearing ‘Trufs or Bandage to fup-
port the Part: And the Method of Cure is fo much eafier
than any yét practifed, that the youngeft Child may bear it
without Trouble. You may fpeak with the SURGEON es
very Afternoon, from Three o'Clock till Six, at Mr. Caw
thie’s in Child’s-Conrt over-againft Bul-!nn-Courc in the
Strand: Where any Perfon that defires ir, may fee feverat
People from the Age of 65 down, to 3 Years, on whom there
are the apparent Marks of a cSmpleat Cure. A. Letter di«
rected to Mr, Cathie, at the Place abovementioned, will
come fafe ty Hand, if Poft paid. This Cure is perform’d in
abcut 2 Months, and requires but little Confinement.
Lectuarium Mirabile: Or, the Admirable le
EL which infailibly cures all Degrees and Symptoms sua,
Secret Difeafe, with more Eafe, peed and Satety, than any
Medicine yet publifh’d ; any old Running, &c. thongh of &-
veral Years ftanding, whether occafion’d Y an over-ftrain,
Weaknef of the Seminals, or the Kelists of a former Inthéti
on, ir certainly cur'd in a fhort Time, without a Minute’s
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Uf of Aftringents , being a
Medicine fo wonderfully pleafant and eafy 1n its Operation,
that the niceft Palate, or weakeft Conftittition » May take it
with Delight: Two Pots are generally fificient to com eat
a Cure in moft Cafes. T'o be had only of the Author Dr. Cam,
a Graduate Phyfician, who has publithed it 20 Years. and is
conftantly to be advis‘d with at his How‘e at the Golden Ball
and Lamp, in Bow Church-Yard in Cheapfide, at half a Guinea
e Pot. -_
Againt{ the VENEREAL DISEASE.

T BE tamous Italian BOLUS, has fo great Succef in

the Cure of the Venereal Difeafe, that noc one of the
grcat Numbers that dailytake it mi§ ofa per:ett Cure ; and
tho’ fo very cheap as 2s. 6d. each, yet four Boluffes never
fail to root out and earry off the moft malignant, virulent,
and obftinate kind of the venereal Difeafe, .without Confine-
ment, or making your Cafe known to any’; Which, if it fails
todo, the Moncey is returned. This great Aledicine likowif®
deftroys Mercury, and carries it out of the Body, and thereby
relicves thofe unfortunate Perfous who have f£llen into bad
Hands in former Cures. Is to be had only at the Flaming
Sword the Corner of Rufiel-Street, over-againgt Will's Coffee
Honfe, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Place is Coun-
terfeit.
Teer OR a NERVOSA CAR DIACA, or the Cordial

Tinccure tor the Nerves, being an approved, experienced
and never-tailing Medicament in finking, ;
lownefs of Spirits, Palpitaticr, or Trembling of the Heart, in
all paralttick, foporofe and convulfive Diftem crs, and in all
Afflistions of the Head and Nerves; it infalli ly prevents the
bad Effects of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which.occafiong
in moft People the above-mentioned Diforders (with man
more, which you'll fee at large in the printed Book of Diresti-
ons) but yet by taking a tew Drops of this moft pleafant dell-
cate Cordial, in the firft Dith of Coffee or ‘tea, you may then
drin. at Liberty 3 for this great Medicine penetrates through
the whole uecrvous Syftem, and fo recruits the Brairi and Prage
cordia with a full Influx of exulting § irits, which perform the
Bufinets of vital Function with freth Alaerity? and ‘new Brisk-
nefs ; fo that the Pulfe, whioh lay feeble an wavering, now
falls a beating vigoroufly, and with great Exactnets 3 more-
over, if wonderfully difperfés Fear, Sadnef, confiled Thoughts,
Twitchings of the Legsand Arms, difturbed Sicep and allthe
difmal Train of Vapours and Melancholy. . It. ihewift ftops
Vomiting, puts off Nauftoufhels, procures pood etite,
and is now in great Ffteem amongtt Quality of the fi Ranke
Sold only at G. Strahan’s, Bookfeller, at the Golden Ballin
Cornhill, over-againft the Royal-Exchange, and at no other
Place. Price os. 6d. }

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM; cr tlie Afthmaticn Jus
lep, which is knewn by many Years Exverience to bea ne- —
ver failing Medicine in old obftinate Afthma's, whofe fuffo-

cating Fit it puts off in a Moment; it gives a perfect Relief
in ftraining !abotions Coughs, that are uumercifully trouble-
fome Night and Morning; ’tis a moft excellent Remedy for
Shortnetfs of Bréath upon any Motion, and in Breathing with
Difheulty, Straightnefs of the Breaft, with Hoarfenefg and.
Wheezing. Nothing exceéds this ddmirable Julen, for by open-

ing the Brouchiat Duéts and Pneumonick’ Paffi

trates in the inmoft Reccfles of the Lungs, and theré meetin if
with tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Ph egm, fo attennates

>
=

langnifhing, and

divides, moves and worksit, that by coughing and {pitting ice Ogee,

expectorates and throws up all firch matter ‘ith the greateR IR

Eafe and Plevfure, thereby cleanfing and freeing thee Reese tie
when ftuffed up and clogged with 2 hesry Load, andiys: a

oom

and Lungs :
fo prevents Confimptions, Ulcers of the Lungs, &c. Note
It is a fafe and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken by fpoontuls,
according to the printed Directions, without the leaft Confine-

ment, or danger of catching Cold. To behhad at Mr. George _
| Strahan’s at.the Golden Ball over againft the Royal Exchange, hg.

Cornhill, and at no other Place, Price 23,

*

Bes, it pene- Jessep

 2s Bitions. To be_ Lett

: SUN FIRE-OF FICE. . |
‘er whofe Names are hereunder mention’d, being Infur'd
W ‘by this Office, acknowledge that we have received our
full Satisfactions for the fever Loffes we have thereby fu-

ftxin’d, viz.
Sarah Franckling Charing-Crofs
Thornas Ranaall and Comp. | High Timber-Street
Ifaac Demeza * Whitechapel —-
ohn Clowdfley Ditto ~ |
Villiam *Willon. itto ;
Wilttiam Walker rick-Lajie, Ditte
Martin Newell, . Her nitage .
ohn Déyman | Bedford-Bury
homas Upton ‘ Welt-Smithficld
obn Nevill ‘Ditto < ,
imnel Hart Poptar, Ifle of Dogs
Gerrard Pittham ' London Bridge
Barttiolomew Hart -St. Katherine's
Ghriftopher Johnfon Ditto —
Sarah Finis on Ditto |
nn Webb. - Ditto.
Ann Crawford _.. Nightingal‘Lane
Robert Webber for the Eat! | y incotn's-Inn-Fields
Barney Ward . Petty-France, Weitminfter
Robert Ruftat Newgate-Street
Edward Brown . Ditto
ohn Prankard Aldermanbury
john Sunderland Warwick-Lane
Capt. Will. Ferrour Ditto
Gabriel Kent | - Old- street
Dorothy Hollis St. Olave’s-Street
Francis Barbutt’s, Adm. - Conduit-Street
Mary Delatonf Little Suffolk-Street
Jabn Collet Suffolk-Strect
€afper Bergman ‘Ditto
William Kingfley Crutchet-Fryers
William Mandeville Coleman-Street
Henry : Billingay Mington
Preis Siffon ~~ St. Ives :
" Jolin Kent Summerfham
harticlomew Ibbot St. Ives * untingt
Blizabeth Hardmeat _ Ditto te
Robert Mitchell ~ . Suatery _ )
William Hardy Wimborne
Sarah Miller. Dorchefter :
Richard Samwaies ‘Ditto —
John Watts Ditto |
ryancis Kingfton Ditto Dorfet,
Robert Browne 3 i
Thomas Needle Shaftsbury |
Toa Wilber Biffifter - Oxfordthi.
Thomas Brown ‘Oxtord
Theodofia Bisby,. Sudbury | ffolk
obn Merrick Rofs Hereford
he Rev. James Edmonds... Winflow )
ehn Holton. Buckingham
homas Oakley . Ditto ~
ohn Whitaker Hitto — |
hem Baxter Ditto - |
"John Aris Ditto
‘Ann Hartley Ditto
hn Watts - :
dfaries Biunt. Ditto, . . ¢ Bucks
Thomas Bourne Ditto
George Dancer Dine
gone Alibone Ditto
abert Stutchbury Ditto .
. William Cooper, Ditto
Metter Bee daa
ohn Butter vI Kes
#173 Bright Helmftone . Suilex
braham Milf e Hie of ee | .
ames Bumett Ditto Southamp,
hofes Burnett Caufham - ). °
Perey Symonds & Rich, Brooks Stamfort . @ Lincolnth.
Sarah Brumby ~ Salisbury . ~ Wiles
May eon. Gic. Yarmouth ‘Norfolk
Charles Calverley sin, Abingdon Ditto -
: Benjamin med . Invernefs N. Britain
Heer Langworthy Zeon So $ Exeter.
J ohn Brown ‘Attendance is piven at the faid Office, in Thread-

oyal-Exchange for Infuring Hon-

behind the: FIRE, inany

nreedie-Street, b

-Merchandizes, from Lofs by
, Fes, Goods, ane? vom, at the eafy Rates of 25. 2 Quarter to
ear nie of 001. and to the Value of roool. for s 5. a
Quarter ~ the Subferibers being liable to no farther Contr1-

ae ‘onable, lightfome, pleafant, airy Houfe,
- A ates fat Stairs ‘andhigh Ceilings, large Safh-Win-

‘dows, a2’ with Crown-Glafs, in a-clean pleafant: Conrt,
CoS ces in it, and Birds breeding and continually har-
wit) ap near the Saracen's Head Inn in Carter-Lane,

I ere
toe SE. Paul’s Church, London.

Ta VAPOURS in Women inteilibly cur’d in an In-
‘2 ftant, fo as never to tcturn- again, by an_admirable
chymical Secret, a few Drops of which takes off a Fit in
a Moment, difpels Sadnefs, cleats the Hard, takes away
all Swimming, Giddinefs, Dimnefs of Sight, Fluthings in
the Face, &c. toa Miracle, ‘and meft.certainly' prevents the
Vapours returming again; for by rooting out the very Caufe,
it perfectly cures,'as Hundreds have experienced: ‘It’ alfo
itrengthens the “Stomach and Bowels, and caufes Livelinef
and iectled-Health. Is now fold only at Mr: Radford’s Toy-
fhop, at the Rofe- and Crown againitt: St. Clement's Church-
\ Yard in the Strand, near. Arundel-Street End. Price zs.
6d. a Bottle with Direétions: Beware of Counterfeits at o-
ther Places, ; vs ad
_ ‘An infallible Remedy for broken winded Horfes,
T H{ A.'T hath been publifhed and foid many years before
any counterfeits in other forms appeared; and highly
commended trom one friend to another; the vaft quantities
that have been fold, doth alfo verify the truth of its efficacy
“and virtnes, which mioft perfectly cures them,
things premifed have been ineffectual, to a wonder, in a
{mali time, -without confinement, by attenuating and open-
ing the globules of’ the lungs dried up, and all paflages ob-
ftructed by humours dripping thereon, occafioned by hard ri-
ding, colds, &e. It caufes prefently a free perlpirstion, re-
‘newing its force, vigour and length, as well as ever; thofe
only alittle touch’d it cures immediately, as alfo all coughs,
colds, whetfings, &c. being alfo excellent in preventing ma-
ny_ other diftempers, by maintaining, preferving and conti-
nuing @ good breath ; and, in a word, by this medicine alone,
many Horfes have been made fo perfectly found, and have
been fold for ro or 12 ].which by being broken winded contd not
before be fold for 3 or 41. is fold at vir. Lockton’s toythop at
the Griffin, the coter of bucklersbury’ in the poultry, at qs.
6d; the quart bottle, with directions.

-  WRIGHT's Diuretick, or cleanfing Tin¢ture.
-¥ y Hich urinally difcharges all the feces or putrid relicks .o
YY the Lues Alamode, or Venereal Infection, and canfes
its Concommitants, the wretched Train of that complicated
Difterhper, asa mucous, filthy, fanious Matter lodg'd in the
Reins, or fpermatick -Patts, which either caufe a tharpnefs in
the Urine, or too trequently provokesit. This Relick is.
difcoverable; ‘partly by the fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a
Debility or WeaknefS of the Back, a fetid nanfeous, and
averting Smell of the Urine, with a purulent Matter, or
fecuient Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or flying in it, with
_ Variety of Figures, Farther, this Tincture efpecially carries
‘ off all Relicks of the Venereal Difeafe,
Cures, not only cleanfing the Urinary Paffages of all Sand
Gravel, Films, or membraneous Pellicles, &e. but after 4
fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftoring thein, and
all their genital barts, to their original Tone and Uke, though
the Misfortune and Decay be of the longeft Date,
qual Succefs in each Sax. To be had for rcs:

after ill managed

with an e-
r Bottle, -with

Directions for its Ufe, ipnly at his Houfe, the Golden (
and two Lamps in Beit-eay age Yard on Ludgate Hill. Head

All Sorts of RUPTURES,

URSTEN or broken Bellies, perfectly cur’d by the Blef.

fing of God, either on old or young, in a@ very littl
Time, and fora final] Charge, by two Medicines to be exter
nally ufed, without any Pain to, or Confinement of, the Pati-
ent. Thefe two Remedies need no other Recommendation
than’ themfeives will manifeft in two or three Days ufing, ha-
ving, by thcir admirable and even aftonithing Succefs, gain'd
the Reputation they juftly deferve both in City and Country,
for above thefe twenty Years laft paft, after wearing Truf-
fes. for. many Years, to no Purpofe: Many Hundreds of all
Ages and Sexes -have been cur’d by them, which occafioned
this Publication, for the Good of the Publick, that all fiuch
unhappy People may be delivered from the Charge and Slaye-
ry of always wearing Trufics. They are feal’d un, at 5 s. the
Parcel, whichis generally fufficient for a compleat Cure, ef
cially on a young Perfon, and is now (fince Mrs. Rradbury
eft off Shopkeeping) fold only by Mr. Sanders, Haberdafher
of Small Wares, at the Blue-Ba!l Toyfhop im Fenchureh-
Street, near Aldgate. © NB. It_isby the Uf of an eafy
Trufs, &e. that thofe two external Medicines are apnlied te
the Part affected, till the Cure is perfected, as will be feen by
the Directions at large given with them.
Thefe are to inform the Fema’‘e Sex,
Tt the gentlewoman at. the golden ball on puddle dock
hill, near the weft end of’ St. pant’s church, hath attain’d
to a very certain, fafe, and expeditions way of curing the
many weakneffes and indifpofitions peculiar to thofe of her
own fex; fich as.batrennefS and mifcarriage'in married
womien ; the green ficknef§ in maids, and- many other grie-
vous Tilneffes that married women, widows and maids are
fubject to, too tedionsheretorelate. — - . ot
“On a little difcourfe with the patients, fhe judges of thelr
eafes and caufes of illneffes, whether it be barrenefs, which
hath many known curable caufes ; rhe diftinct knowledge of
which fhe is miftrefgs; fevéral of which canfes are little re-
garded, or fot known to the patients, therefore thought in-
curable 3 or whether mifcarriage, tho’ they have mifcarried
many times, :
God, by a very extraordinary method of exceeding fafe and
pleat Medicines, which en many. Years Experience. have

en found abfolutely effectual for a ‘perfeét Cure on great

Numbers of Ladies and Gentlewomen of the. beft Note in
the Kingdom, in all the above-mentioned Indifpofitions pe-
culiarto the Sex. Sheisto be advifed with at her Houfe
abovementioned, any Dayof the Week. She alfo anfwers
Cafes ftated in Letters fent from the Country, Poft paid.

 & ON DON: Printed by WN. MIST, in Great -Carter- Lane,

after. many [.§

both which the cures, through the bleffing of.

. ’

This Day is publithed, the Afih Rafe ne
Is Day is pa ofa Prefaen tion, with the Additign |

of a

*,* Every Bodies BufinefS is no Bodies By Se net
* ° ‘
vate Abufts, publick Grievances, exemplif din te ae
Infolence, and exorbitant Wages of our Women Seryacn?
Footmen, &c. With a Propofai for Amendment of the me,
as aif) for clearing the Strects ot thofe Vermin cali'd She a {
cleaners, and fabftitutifig in their Stead
induftrious Poor, now ready to ftarve,

dows in Cornhill, and foid by ‘T. Warner Bla eae
in Pater-Nofter-Row, A. Dod without Temple-Bar, oxo
Nut at the Royal-Exchange. Price 6d, 2 e

| HOUSE, at the Black Bo
¥ 2 Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell.ssoms
jinn on Ludgate-Hill, is fold right Frenciy
j Hungary Water, being the fame Sort fold
j feveral Years paft, and ts eafily .diftinguithed
from the pernicious counterieit Sort fold ‘2
t Moatpelier, &e, Likewife the following fore}
modiies ne ate “ne ame Plage follows ng foreign Com-
ight Fren ungary Water, at
Pottle. gary > Ais. 3d. the Half-Pine
_ Fine Florence Oil, at 2s. per Flask. .
Right Irith Ufquebaugh, at 2s. the Halfpint Bottle,
Fine Orange-Flower Water, at :s 6d. per Flask.
Right Barbadoes Citron: Water, at 145. per Quart,
Au ports of Heghora and Bermuda Hatts tor Cidies,
. 5. There is a Sign-Paper on each Bottiea .
prevent Countertfeits, “eee ome ans “hh ‘
Axx Inflamations and Sorenefs of the EYES, Blooifhor,

Deduxion of harp Humours, dimnefs of Sight, Specks,

Films, or beginning Cataracts, &c. abfolutely cur’
wonderful chymical Liquor lately found out, epee ed
diately Heals and Cures all manner of Sorenef of the Eyes
in Children or grown: Perfons, tho’ of many Years ftandin
and whether proceeding from tne Evil; or any other Di- =|
ftemper, and that without caufing the leaft Pain or Unea- t
finefs in’ ufing; it effectually takes away all Specks, Films,
or incipient Cataracts to adiniration, asal{ all Flies, Gnats’ 4
&e. that feem to {wim before the Sight; it wonderfully
ftrengthens the Optick Nerves, comforts the Eyes, certain-
ly removes all Dimnefs, clearing the Sight, and affuredly
preferving it ftrong and good to exceeding old Age; man
who were fo very dim fighted for fome’ Years, as fearcely-
able to diftinguifh any ‘Thing, have been pertectly and al-
moft inftantly cured by ir, fo as to read the fmalleft Priar
without Spectacles ; and tor Opthalmics, or fore Eyes, no
Medicine on Earth can come near it, hundreds have been
cured by it of the very worf fort almoft upon the Spp
and Blindnef$ been prevented in" Abundance who had trie?
ail other Remedies in vain, infomuch that it may be al-
moft_ accounted a Miracle ofa. Medicine. Is fold onl by
the Gentlewoman at-the Two Blue Pofts in Haydon-Yard
in the Minories, at 3s. 6d. a Bottle with Direétions.

‘HE Henmiorrhoides or PILES of any Kind; dr inei

T Sex, abfolutely cured fo as never to return again bye
pleatanc Specifick E‘eStuary, now recommended by the moft
celebrated Phyficians as the only cercain Medicine for thar
Indifpofition in the World; for in the tharpeR% Pain. ‘and
moft miftrable Torture, it gives furprizing Relief, and al-
moft miraculous Eafe ; no fooner is it taken fearcely, but all
manner of UneafinefS vanithes,. as if by. Inchantment and
the Patient becomes as perfestly well and free from Pain ae
if no fuch Malady had ever been; and'‘this it not only” ace
complifhes for the prefent in all Perfyns whatfoever, but 21fo
by totally fubduing all SharpnefS in the Blood and Juices
it certainly-prevents any Return of the Piles for the fu2
ture, fo as entirely to cure that Elnefs, and thereby prevent
Fiftula’s and other direful Confequences that cannot be too
much dreaded,- Hundreds of Men ‘and Women, who had for
many Years, more or lefs, been wretchedly aWisted with the
eset have, at once, et periectly cured by this great Re.

dy, to their no lefs Joy and Comfort than Admiration -
It is fo fafe, that a fincking Child mi ithout tr
convenience, for it never. Occafons t
oraer, and 1s10 very agreeable, as not to give anv Di
to the niceft Palate. stl only at Jacobs Cole ee ,
againft the Angel and Crown Tavern in Threadneedle-ftreet.
behind-thé Royal-Exchange, at 5s. a Pot, with Directions. *

A, new Edition is jut publithed, of .. .
HE Practical Scheme of the SECRET
. DISEASE, a GLEET, and a Broker
fp Sve Conftitution by faft Living, tormer Cures;
Om Salivations, Mercury, &e. teaching Perfons.
ms tO underftand-Rightiy theirown Cafe, and
7 ff tocure themfelves without making -their
Condition known to any one. Dedicated
.  .,t0 Dr. Chamberlen. This highly -nfeful -
| Inftructive little Rook is Given Gratis Up- One Pair of
Stairs at the Celebrated Anodyne NECKLACE, Recom-

e leaft Trouble or Dif:

oe

Oe :
“te . ZR eg hie “:

mended by Dr. Chamberlen for Children's. Teéth, next to the

Rofe Tavern without Temple-Bar. and at Mr. Jeremiah
Pain's thé Sign of the Bunch of Grapes, the firft Toythop on
Right Hand juft within Pope’s- Head-Alty from Corn ih
rignt over-againit the Royal-Exchange. Where areto be had

the famous Anodyne NECKLACES for Children’s Teer 9 -":(*:
‘fealed up along with the Liquid Cora! to make the Gums give

way for the Teeth to come out without Pain. Price both to-
getherss Andthe famous Peétoral LOZENGES for that

Uneafine!s ar Stomach called the HEART-BURN, 64, 2. Of

Paper.

AT the HONGARY WATER WARE.

ht take it without In- ‘47.

 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 14 Aug. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786151/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 