=

veil your Journals, the Tricks and Vi-
avail) ces of the Age expofed and cenfu-

Be ce: aN for an Amondment ; but as it is
SSS) impoflible for one Pen to trace a

‘upon one, which, I think, as near as I can re-
_ member, has efcaped your Cognizance hitherto.
- Asfam the Penman of a Club of very honett
" 'Tradefmén, who; now and chen, drink our Bottle
in an Evening, not only at one Tavern, but .at
_ féveral, being obliged often to move, thinking
" thereby to have cured, by our Abfence, fuch a
Fault, which ought rather to have been revealed
and punifh’d by foinc’ Magiftrates in Power. (The
Crime I mean is fhort Mcafure.) A moft abomi-
_ nable and {candalous Crime, hated by all true Lo-
vers of their Country and the Bottle. Pray, is it
- not robbing our Wives and Children, to give us
honcft Fellows fhort Mexfure? A poor Alehoufe
Keeper fhall be punifhed, when a Vitner fhall go
free. We are cheated to our Faces, and laughed
at into thie’ Bargain. For, at a certain Tavern,
which fhall be namelefs at prefent, when wé had
had a Repetition of feveral fhort Borrles, we fent
for Mr. Vintner, to enquire the Reafon why we
fhould pay for eight Quarts, when, in Reality,
wehad had no more than fix and a Pint; (for, you
muft underftand, one of us flily conveyed a Quart
and a Pint Pot inte che Room, and, calling for

Water, meafured the cight Bottles before our .
Landlord came up, and found thein to contain ra-

. ther lefsthan more,
"Mr. Vintner, not knowing what we had done,
replies, that truly he believed we were all mifta-

kev (but he faid -mifts’en, for he was a Yorkfhire ©

Man;) and that he weuld nold any Wager, were
hey all meufur’d, thar they did not want above
a jill a piece ; however, the Company was more
hone chan to take him up, but, on the contrary,
ingenioufly told him what they had done ; he im-
mediately re lies, with ‘a Smile, that truly they
were as.good Meafuire as any his Brother Vint-
ners fold: Upon’ which we inftantly quitted his
‘Houfe, aud have been a rambling Club ever fince,
_ from one Tavern ro another, and our Opinion
was, they were all alike. =
From hence we drew this Conje€ture, that cer-

‘tainly they muft have made an Agreement: one-

with another, to fell their Wine by Bortle, nor
‘by Quart, to the great. Lofs and Damage of all
the Sons of Bacchus... Now it were to be withed,
that “the Magiftrates of this Honourable City, it

being, now pretty near the proper Seafon of the
yould, iu a more particular Manner, exert’:
their, Authority, that there may be a Writ pf Ate-

Year, woul

dius Inguivendam inco this.foul and pernicious Pra-

ice: Furthermore, by’

Journal, you will grearly oblige —
~.- Your conftanr Admirers, — -

-. ~ .. The Beef-Stake Club, —

-s. ; N. B: By a modeft Computation our Club is: a

Loofer this Year, by fhort Méafure, upwards of

_, twenty Pounds, , |

YB. If our Friends the Vi tr. +s can urge any thing
_ tn their own Defence, we fhall be very ready to do-then:
| Suffice; by fublibing it.

Saturvay, DECEMBER
cor A VIN G obferved, in many of
Se red with a jutt Defign, no doubt;

quarter Part, I fhall, as briefly as may be, touch.

inferting this in your |-

For whom Lam Secretary.
, LR

“TL, 1725.

To the Author of the Weekly Journal.
SIR, | a

HERE isan Evil I have ebferved under

the Sun, but no where fo common as in
this City. The holy Prophet formerly reproved
the Pride and Affe@ation of his own Time. The
Mantle, the Wimple, the. Crifping-Pin, the round
Tire, like the Moon, the Ear-Ring, and the Nofe-
Jewel, were the Female.Ornaments of that Age,
and againit which he denounces fevere Judgments ;
but he takes no Notice, .that this was the Drefs
of all Seafons and all Weathers; from thence I
infer, that the Daughters of Sion were, in their
Day, much better Houfe-Wives than the Daugh-
ters of our:Zerufalem ; and that they had their
Set-Times when to appear with Juftnefs and Pro-

‘priety, and computed the Value of rich Attire

in another Manner than is practifed at prefent.
Can any thing be more unaccountable in the
World, than in the moft dreary, wet, and dir-
tieft Part of thé Year, and in fo uncertain'a Cli-
mite as ours is, to fee a Woman trapefing the fl-

thy Pavements of this City in Gilliflower Clothes, —

and bedeck’d with all the Whims of a.fond foolith

AffeGtation. A Milk white Heel, a crimfon Clock, —

uilted Sattins, and a fcarlet Mantle, to be expo-
td to che Weather, the Whirl of a Coach Wheel;
or the Splath of every Cart-Horfe, is prepofterous.

In Courts and courtly. Places Things are not

fo ; and I avow it betrer for a Citizen of London
to fend his Daughter to ferve a. Woman of Qua-
lity for a Year, than to fend-her-to the beft Boar-
ding-School in the Kingdom for Seven; for there

fhe will learn how. to ple: Thiags with Tafte and

ReficGion, and bea fic Pacrern for a Family,

A City Dame formerly carried Refpe& with
her into all Places, Decency and cémly Woman-
hood -were her chiefeft Ornaments, the Widow.
and the Orphan praifed her, and the Poor blef-

fed herin-the Gates, but now, (with Pity be ir

fpoken) a Citizen’s Wife is become a ‘Term of
Reproach and Scorn, - fhe hath gor all‘ the Excra-
vagance and Expence, theidle;, and the vain Parr
of People in high Stations, without one Jot of their
good Senfe or way of Management.
Prude and Cocquet have left the Court, and have
taken up their Dwelling Plaees in-the Alleys and
Streets of London. The Wife. of a thriving

Husband .is uneafy becanfe fhe lives in Barbican :

and a Boarding-School Mifs is afraid to tell, thar
her Farhér's Houfe is in Pettycoat-Lane.

I write to you now in general, but if thefe
Winter Bubbles don’t keep more within Doors, I
fhall defcend to Patticulars, and mark every

Scarlet Cloak of white Heel that appears in the .
Streets between Ludgate and Aldgate, in fich.
Weather, as their Lap-Dog would not ftir our in. |

Sir,, Iam Yours, a

oo ' Ebenezer Pra&ice.

“Texpe& you infert this Verbatim in your firft,

or fhall fet out a Weckly Paper of my own,
or chufe another, byt pot an honefter Corref-
pondenr. ] : oa
- SIR,

. fy rote to,you: (and paid Poltage) the 18th of

& Jatt; -te-acquaine you thar my. Wife's

Abgu
_ Father had a publick Pott in che late Reign, and

ra

whilft fuch, defrauded the Publick, and at his

Death left the Intcrett of a handfome Sum to my

Wife; and after her Death, the Principal to-go

=»
.

in raifing @ Statue,
-reGied to Frauds, what Yard

The

_{'ces in his way of Living, as before’ he was Pope.

nn a

to our Children ; ‘but knowing the faid Fraud, I
was againft my Wife's taking the faid Interctt (ha-
ving a plentifnl Eftate without it) bur much a-
gainft my Requeft and Commands, fhe has done
it, which has been a Moth and Canker in my Sub-
ftance, that fince that nothing profpers with us ;
and you having ‘eften in your Weekly fournals
refolved Doubts and Queftions, which might be
of lefs Momenr than this, I - did thei defire’
you (when you had Room in your Weekly Jour-
nual) to infert my faid Letter, and alfe your Opi-
nion thereon, as{ then defired ; but-having (if I
miftake nor) read each of your Journals fince that
time, and fome that ¥ theughe might have been of
lefs Ufe to che Publick (than what was therein
mentioned) had you pepn’d what I defired ; dnd
fearing my laft ne’cr came to your-Hahds, I trou- .
ble you with this to heg the Favour to mention
it in one of your Journals, with your Opinion
thereon ; and if nogferviceable to the Publick,
you may depend it will be a great Satisfa&tion, if
not eafe the Mind, of your Humble-Servanr, &c.
I propofed to Jay qur the like Sum in fome Cha-
‘rity or Publick Ule gyt of my own Eftate- in lieu
of that, if I knew which way to do it for the beft.
Some advife me ta raife his Statue if’ Palace-
Yard, in Memory of the faid Fraud, your -Opi- |
nion is defired. oo : :

‘The Contents of chis Letter are fo odd, that I
belicve a great many People will think I write
irto myfelf; for fure ic is fomething new fora
Man to think it a Crime to cheat the Publick; bur
publick, (not knowing how to do it-atherwife) I
muft tell him, I.am againk laying out the Money

or if Statues were to be e-
woud be large
enough to contain them: Burt as. ever > Man
who is Gainer ‘by Fraud, is obliged in Confcience
to make Reftitution the beft he can; and as

Cheats on the Publick occafion Deficiencies, and

Deficiencies occafion new Taxes, and the Weighr
of Taxes is felt moftly by the Poor, I wou'd have
hith lay out his unhallowed Legacy in providing
for a certain Number of decay'd _Tradefmen,
which I think, wou’'d be returning the Money
from whence it came. a
FOREIGN AFFAIRS.
They write from: Rome that ‘the Princefs So-
bieski, Spoufe of the Chevalier de St. George, was
retired to the Convent of the Benedi@ine Nuns
of St. Cecilia, intending there to pafs fome time
at her Devotiens, according tothe Cuftom of
many great Perfons in Roman ‘Catholick Coun-
tries, and that fhe intends to continue there till
the approaching Carnival.—_——- They tell us the
Pope enjoys a perfe& good'Health notwithftanding
his great Age, which is fuppofed to be owing to
a Life of extraordinary Temperance, and thar
he ftill continues the fame Plainne& and Sim-
plicity in his Diet, and ‘in all other Circumftan-

The Progeedings of the lace Roman Council are
now made publick. - . ff : !
We are advifed from Petersburg that Count
Fleming is expe@ed there from King’ Auguftus of
Poland, with an extraordinary Commiffion. There ::
is alfo an extraordinary Embafly cxpe&ed fork’
‘his Imperial Majefty ; and tho’ Couriers.are paf-

fing and re-paffing continually betwixt the Court.

3
 He ‘ ene: your Journals, the Tricks and Vi-
Ver Seat) ces of the Age expofed and cenfu-
the v7 ty we? oe eee - . * »
Boer for an Amondment ; but as it 1s
Ska) impoffible for one Pen to trace a

‘upon one,. which, I think, as near as I can re-
member, has efcaped your Cognizance hitherto.
* “Asfam the Penman of a Club of very hovett
’ttradefmeén, who; now and then, drink our Bottle
in an Evening, not only.at one Tavern, but .at

" feveral, being obliged often to move, thinking

thereby to have cured, by our Abfence, -fuch a

_ Fault, which ought rather to have been revealed
and punifh’d'by joine’ Magiftrates in Power. (‘The

- Crime I mean is fhort Mcafure.) A moft abomi-
~ nable. and fcandalous Crime, hated by all true Lo-
vers of their Country and the Bottle. Pray, is it

_ nor_robbing our Wives and ‘Children, to give us
—honeft Fellows fhorr Meafure? A poor Afehoufe
- Keeper fhall be punifhed, when a Vitner fhall go
‘free. We are cheated to our Faces, and laughed
ar inte thie’ Bargain. For, at a certain Tavern,
which fhall be namelefs at prefent, when wé had

" had a Repetition of tuveral fhort Bottles, we fent
for Mr. Vintner, to enquire the Reafon why we
fheuld pay for eight Quarts, when, in Reality,
we had had no mere than fix and a Pint; (for, you
mutt underftanid, one of us flily conveyed a Quart
and a Pint Pot into the Room, and, calling for

Water, meafured the cight Bottles before our .
‘Landlord came up, and found thein to‘contain ra-

.. ther leGthan more. 7 ve had d
"My, Vintner, ‘not knowing what we had done,
. replies, ‘that truly he believed we were all mifta-

ken (but he faid mifts’en, for he was a Yorkhhire |

Man;) and that he would nold any Wager, were
they all meafur'd, that they did not want above
a jill a‘piece ; however, the Company was more
honeft rhan to take him up, ‘but, on the contrary,
ipgenioufly told bim what they had done ; ‘he im-
mediately replies,’ with ‘a Smile, that truly they
were. as yood. Meafure as an
ners fold; ‘Upon’ which we -inftantly quirred his
“Houle, aud have been a rambling Club ever fince,
_ from one Tavern to another, and our Opinion
was, they. were allalike. —
From hence we drew this Conje&ure, that cer-

‘tainly they muft have made an Agreement one-

_ with another, to fell their Wine by Bortle, nor
‘by Quart,’ to the great. Lofs and Damage of all
the Sons of Bacchus... Now it were to be withed,

thas ‘the Magiftrates of this Honourable City, it

being, now pretty near the proper Seafon of ‘the

ar Manner, ‘exert’:

_ ‘their, Authority, that there may be a Writ pf Me- 1
dius Inquivendem. into this.foul and pernicious Pra-

. Furthermoré, by inferting this in your }-

‘Year, would, in amore parucy.

Rice ml 3 1 ye
Journal, you will greatly oblige
i , ear contant Admirers, © - .

For whom Iam Secretary. | |:

- Ne B: By % modeft Computatiorr our Club isi a-
‘Loofer this Year, by fhort Meafure, upwards of -

_ in their own Defence, we forall be very ready to dotbens

| Fupice; by publiiing is.”

AVING obferved, in many :of
Be red with a jutt Defign, no doubt;

quarter Part, I fhall, as bricfly as may be, touch.

his Brother Vint-—

“at
* . . . . ’ * e . a at Seg +d © . ‘ é +
.. . . + ; . . a . : . . a . er " top ane " e- . *, ° . : .

— Saturvay, DeceMBEeR 11,-.1725.

To the Author of the Weekly Journal.
-SIR, 7
‘HERE is an Evil I have ebferved under

BR the Sun, but no where f6 common as in
this City. The holy Prophet formerly reproved
the Pride and Affe&ation of his own Time. The

Mantle, the Wimple, the. Crifping-Pin, the round

Tire, like the Moon, the Ear-Ring, and the Nofe-

ewel, were the Female:Ornaments of. thar Age,
and againft which he denounces fevere Judgments ;
but he.takes -no Noticé, -that this was the Drefs

of all Seafons and all Weathers; from thence I

infer, thac the Daughters of Sion were, in their

Day, much better Houfe-Wives than the Daugh-

ters of .our.Zerufalem ; agd that they had cheir

Set-Times when to appear with Juftnefs and Pro-

“priety, and‘ computed the Value of rich Attire
‘an another Manner than is praftifed at prefent.

Can any thing be more unaccountable in the
World, than in the moft dreary, wet, arid dir-
tieft Part of thé Year, and in fo uncertain a Cli-
mate as ours is, to fee a Womian trapefing the fil-

thy Pavements of this-City in Gilliflower Clothes, .

and bedeck’d with all the Whims of a.fond foolifh

AffeGation. .A Milk white Heel, a crimfon Clock, ©

quilted Satins, and a {carlet Mantle, to be expo-
ed to the Weather, the Whirl of a Coach Wheel;

or the Splafh of every Cart-Horfe, is prepofterous.
_ In Courts and courtly, Places Things are not

fo; and I avow it berrer for a Citizen of London
to fend his Daughter to ferve a. Woman of Qua-
lity for a Year, than to fend;her-to the bef Boar-
ding-School in the Kingdom for Seven ; for there

y atid be'a fit Paccerh for a Family,

A City Dame formerly carried Refpe& with
her into all Places, Decency and cémly Woman-
hood -were her chiefeft Ornaments, the Widow.
and the Orphan praifed her, and the Poor blef-

‘fed her.tn-the Gates, ‘but now, (with Pity be ir
fpoken) a Citizen’s Wife is become a Term of

Reproach and Scorn, « fhe hath got all’ the Excra-
vagance and Expence, the idle; and the vain Part
of People in high Stations, without one Jot of their

good Senfe or way of Management.—_—_—_-The.

Pride and Cocqnet-have left the Court, and have
taken up their Dwelling Plaees in-the Alleys and

Streets of London.. The Wife. of a thriving
Husband. is uneafy becaufe fhe lives in Berbican :

and a Boarding-School Mifs is afraid ro tell, chat
her Farhér's Houfe is in Pettycoat-Lane.

‘I write to you now in general, -but if thefe

Winter Bubbles don’t keep more within Doors, I
fhall defcend to Patticulars, _and mark every

Scarlet Cloak of white Heel that appears in the .
Streets between Ludgate and. Aldgate, in fuch.
Weather, .as their Lap-Dog would not ftir oucin. _

-. Sir, Iam Yours, Bo,
ae + Ebenezer Praétice.
““Y-expe& you infert-this Verbatim in your fir tt,

or fhall fet out a Weekly Paper of ‘my own,

or chufe another, byt. pot an honefter Corref-
pondent. ) a ae ;

| Wrote tosyqu::(and paid:Poltage) the 18th of

Align tail; “te: acquaint you that my. Wife's

. Father had a publ.ck Polt in che late Reign, and
whilft fuch, defrauded the Publick, and at his

Death left the Intereit of a handfome Sum to my

-Wife’y: and after Ber Death; the'Principal tego

~
+

| not eafe the Mind,

fing and re-pafling continually betwixt the Court

(Notre: 3 3. J. 4

1?
eect ake, gf .

to our Children ;. but knowing the faid Fraud, I
was againft my Wife's taking thé faid Intereit (ha-
ving a plentifal Eftate without ir) but much a-
gainft my Requeft and Commands, fhe has.done
it, which has been a Moth and Canker in my Sub-
ftance, that fince that nothing profpers with us ;
and you having ‘eften in your Weekly fournals
refolved Doubts and Queftions, which might be
of lefs Momenr than this, I < did‘ thei. defire’
you (when you had Room in your Weakty ‘four-
nak) to inferr my faid Lerter, and alfo your’ Opi
nion. thereon, as I then defired ; buthaving (if I
miftake nory read-each of your Jourtals fince that
time, and fome that E théught might have been of
lefs Ufe to, the Publick’ (than what was therein
mentioned) had you pgpn'd what ¥ defired and
fearing my laft ne’er came to your-Hafds, 1 trou- ,
ble you with ‘this to beg the Fevour to mention
it in ope of your Joyrnals, with your Opinion
thereon ; and if no¢ferviceable to the Publick,
you may depend it will be a great Satisfaftion; if
. of your Humble-Servant, &c.

. T propofed to lay gut the like Sum in fome Cha-
ity or Publick Ufe gyt of my own Eftate-in lieu
of that, if I knew which way to-do it for the bef.
Some advife me ta yaife his Statue ifi Palace-
Yard, in Memory ‘of the faid Fraud, your -Gpi- .

nion isdefired. ,
‘The Contents of this Letter are fo odd, that I

believe a great many People will think I write

ir to myfelf; for fure it is fomething new for a
Man to think it a Crime to cheatthe-Publick; bue
: , | an-in

publick, (not knowing how to do it-atherwife}) I
muft tel) him, I.am agsingt laying out the Money
in raifing 2 Statue, for if Statues were to be e-
refed to Frauds, what Yard wou'd be. Sarge
chough to contain them: But, as cvery Man
who is Gainer ‘by Fraud, is.obliged in Conpfcience
to make Reftitution the bef he can; and as
‘Cheats on the Publick ovcafton Deficiencies, and
Deficiencies occafion new Taxes, and-the Weighr —
of Taxes is felt moftly by the Poor, I-wou'd have
hish lay out his unhallowed Legacy in providing
for a certain Number of decay'd ‘Tradefmen,
which I think, wou'd be returning the Money
‘from whence it came. a |
FOREIGN A-F FAIRS.
They write from: Rome that ‘the Princefs So-
biéski, Spoufe of the Chevalier de St. George, was
retired to the Convent of the Benedi&tine Nuns
of St. Cxcilia, intending there to pafs fome time

at her Devotieris, according tothe Cuftom of

many great Perfons in Roman‘Catholi¢k Coun-

‘tries, and that fhe intends to cotitinue there rill

the approaching Carnivial.. >They tell us the
Pope eijoys'a perfe& good Health notwithftanding
his great Age, which is fappofed to be owing to
a Life of extraordinary Temperance,’ and that
he ftill contimies the fame Plainne&§ and’ Sim-
plicity in his Diet, and ‘in all other Circumftan-

[ices in his way of Living, as before’he was Pope.

The Progeédings of thé late Roman Council are
now made publick. - . ¢ :
We ‘aré advifed from Petersburg that -Count
Fleming is expe&ted there from King Auiguftits of’
Poland, with an extraordinary Comraiffion. There .;
is alfo an extraordinary Embafly cxpe&ted font
his Imperial Majefty ; and tho’ Couriers.are paf-
 of Ruffia and char of Vienna, the Contents are
_ kept fecret, excepr in general, that an Alliance
offenfive and defenfive is agreed upon betwixt
thofe twa Powers. ———-_— There is a Body of a-
bout twenty thoufand Men now in a Readinefs 10
- march upon the frft Orders. When thefe Troops
were firft drawn together it was given out they
- Were intended to join fome other Powers, who
were refolvcd to bring the Poles ro Reafon, con-
cerning the Treaty of Oliva; but now the Con-
jeCturcs run all on the other Side, and’ the cur-
rent Opinion is, that if thofe’T'roops march at all,
it will not be to act on that Side the Quarrel. --—-
. There are others who report, that her Czarish
_ Mayjefty is inclin’d to be a Mcdiatrefs in this Af-
fair; and thar fhe will endeavour to bring the
Poles to confent that a Congrefs may be appointed,
_ at which fhall be prefent the Plenipotentiaries o
the Emperor, of Poland, and of the Proteitant
_ Princes who have interctted themf{elves in the Af-
fair of Thorn, and alfo thofe of Ruffia, as Me-
diators, in order to terminate Matters in an a-
micable- Manner. . a
._ Dablin, Dec. 2. Enfign Jones was try’d laft Week

. «for killing Mr. Nugent at Lucas’s Coffee-Houfe,

~ and found guilty of Manflaughter.————Bills.are

order’d to be brought into the Houfe of Commons,
for preventing. Marriages by degraded Clergy-
men, and Popifh Priefts. -——— For the further
Preferyation of the Gare. And to reform
_ the great Abufes committed in rhe Pra&tice of

-Phyfick, and inthe making of Medicines. .

_ Edinbugh, Nv. 29. The People of Linlithgow,
who are charged with tumultuary Meetings with-

in Burgh, and continuing together after reading ©

the Proclamation aguinft Mobs, are to rake their
Tryal before the Lords of Jufticiary’ on the 13th
of December next. —— Laft Saturday a poor
Man fuddenly dropt down dead, near the Foot of
the Canongate. The Fifhery Copartnerfhip be-
ing to be diffolved, the College of. Phyficians.
have propofed that an Hofpital for the Sick be

ereGed with the Remainder of their Fffe&ts ; in_

which Cafe they will appoint two of their Num-
ber to attend it gratis, “till it fhall be fufficiently
endow’d by other well-difpofed People.

Tork, Déc. 6. Propofals are on Foot here for. a.

daily Affembly to be held, by fuch Ladies afd
Gentlemen as fhall think fit to fubfcribe, in a con-
venient Part of the City, where feveral Rooms
and a Gravel Walk 120 Foot long, are to bé pro-
vided: with Furniture and Fires in the Winter,
and Néws-Papers, for the Sum of 12s. Od. an-
nually ; befides what-they fhall think fit ro ex-
pend in Chocolate, Bath, Briftol, or Spaw Wa-
ters, &c, There is alfo to be Mufick at a cer-
tain Time, and a Cold Bath to be made, and o-
‘ther Improvements and Regulations as fhall be
agreed on by the Majority of the Affembly.
Bath, Dec. 6. Lait Saturday Night, between 11
and12, Collonel Cotton, a Gentleman who had
been long indifpofed here, was found dead in his
Elbow-Chair, to the great Grief of fome ‘Trades-
men, and others of this Place, who had the Ho-
nour to ferve him. ~-—-—— _Nexr Day Mr. Skrine,
one of our noted Apothecaries, dy’d of a Fever.
Norwich, Dec. 4. Laft Monday a Woman o
this City was delivered of three Boys, who wete
baptized the fame Day by the Names of Shadrach,
Mefech and Abednego. ae Ao

Port{mouth, Dec. 7. Anthony Ivory, the Ganner, ,
who robb’d his Comerade, is committed to Win-~.
chefter Goal ’till next Affizes,-Harris, the Perfon

‘.xobb'd, chufing rather to profecute him at the
Civil Law, than the Martial. . —
LONDON, December tt

We hear‘thar the ali Terma Bill was brought

into the Exchequer-Court, fetting forth, thar 4

“Partnerthip Was éfiter'd inté between: the Plain- j
tif and Defendant, for. the Dealing in Horfes,

Bridles, Saddles, - Wasehes, Rings, Snuff-Boxes,

' Swords, and other Moveables of Value-; aud that

all Charges on the Road, and for Affittance, when

‘neceflary, fhould be borne equally between them;

and that, ia jPurfuance of chac: Agreement, they
dealt with ‘a.Gentleman “upon Finchley-Common,
for a Watch, Snutf-Box,- and other Things of
Value, upon eafy. Terms ; and, ar another Time,
with cwo Gentlemen at Bagfhot-Heath (after a
very fhore Converfation with ‘em). for their Hor-
fes, Watches, wid other Ette&s, tv rhe Value of
upwards of 200 |. and, at other Times, dealt on
Hounflow-Heath, Salisbury-Plain, and Hampftead~
Heath, with divers. Perfons, for feveral Things

of confiderable -Value-; and that the Defgndant

had feveral of thefe Effetts, worth together up-
wards of tocol. for which he refufed to ac-

count with the Plaintiff, which. the Bill is-broughe

tg compel him -to dg, and to pay the Plainuff
his Share. .'The Defendant, it is faid, has got
the Bill referv'd for Scandal ; and, we are told,
that one of the Parties is:in fuch a Situation that
the Contra& is likely to be made-our, or ar leaft
difpyted, nexc Seffions at the Old-Baily, or the
next Affizes in the Country. We are told, that
the Plaintiff wanted to get his Bill back again, be-
ing (its fuppofed) of the like Opinion with his
Partner, that he had taken an improper Merhod
if they intended to go on any more in this Way
of Dealing ; but that the Court would nor part
With it, but have Jultice done to-both of *em.

On Mondy the Bifhop of London, andfeveral
others, met at the Banquetting-Houfe, to confi-
der of diftributing Queen Anne's Bounty to the
puor Clergy, and aug:nented 63 finall: Bencfices

tor the laft Year, having in their Hands 12,0001.

which fell to. chem, and .1z,0001], more from
Contributors to that pious Defign. }

Collonel Shute, who is going to
ment of New-Esigland with fuller Powers, ha-

ving had. no Salary’ paid him there for three .
Years paft, is order’d 10001. per Ann. by the

Lords fultices.

‘The Earl and Countefs of: Oxford are gone to-

their Seat at Down-Hall,. in Effex.
Mr. Spelman, taken at. Lisbon on

there being no Proof of that Accufation.

There is Advice from Gibraltar, thet a Dutcli
Man of War had takcn.an Algerine Rover, and
brought her. in there. | ,

From Jamaica, That the Catherine of Liver-

oole, Captain Blevin, from Guinea, had been
eiz'd on a Charge of Piracy. , | Le.

General Wade is arrived in Town from. Scot-
land.—Lord Bolingbroke and his Lady from the
Bith. — <— Duke of Kurland from Belvoir
Caftlce.——Duke of. Grafton from Suffolk.

On Wednefday Night the Duke-of Richmond's

Baughter was baptifed: by the Name of Louifa-..
Margaretta, the Earl of Berkeley, being God-
-farher, and the Durchefs of Portfmouth (by Proxy) _

and Countefs of Cadogan Godmothers. The
Duke of Monrague's Sous Chriftening is deferr’d

f |. tilt the King’s Arrival, his Majelty being to ftaid

Godfather. __- .
The Earl of Macclesfield’s Trial is fpeedily to

be publifh’d, hi}. Lordfhip having cofrefed’ his

Defence from the Copy taken in Short-Hand.

At a Board of ‘Treafury this Week, Collonel. |

Monro, ‘and other. Scotch Members attended, to
reprefent tlie Cafe of that Country. ‘There was

a Talk, thar fome Gentlemen’ would undertake |

to raife the Amount of the Male-Tax there ;
but we don’r hear that their Propofal_ meets.with
any’ Encouragement.

. for the Borough of Dunleer, in Ireland.

his Govern-

Sufpicion of
robbing the Exchequer, is about to return thither, .

_ Men loft.

| Goal of Surrey. og!
of Coach-Horfes are gone to lye | y

>

. Marriages and‘Preferments. A Son of Collonel
Wyndham of Norfolk, made # Clerk in the Trea-
fury-Offiee. ——— The Rev. Mr. Twiflel, pre-
fented to the Rettery of -Wolbéding, in Suffex..
Collonel Panton’s Brother made Page to his Royal
Highnefs. — Mr. Batfon, a Turkey Merchant;
marrie

-_

to Mrs. Buckley, of Putney, © worth

Deaths and Cafualties. William Whi chirch, Ef; ,

of Nunney Caftle, in the County of Somerfet.——
Dr. Jones, Principat of Jefis Cotlege,; Oxen,.——

Richard Tennifon, “Efg; Member‘of Parliament.

*

Sir George Saville, of Nottinghamhhire, fell trom
his Horfe a Fox-Hunting, and put out his Shoulder.

27—The King George, Captain Smithurft, bound

The

hence to Bilboa, rua afhore near Rye.

the Dogger- Bank.

_, On Tuefday laft, between 9 and to aClock,’
_ there happen’d here a violent Hurricane of Wid

and Rain, accompany’d with Thunder and Light-
ning ; it wasburfhort, but during-that Time fe-
veral Chimneys were blown down, and-T'rees tore
up by the Roots) Some Barges and Boats were
funk inthe River. One Wherry, in coming up

from Billingfgate to. Hungerford ‘with Oyiter-

Women and their Baskets of Fifth, loft over a~
gainit Effex-Srairs : An@ther Wherry loft in
coming through Bridge: - Four or five drowned
Perfons have been taken up aboye Bridge, fome
otRers are not-yet found. A Lighter fask of the
Temple, with too Quarters of Oats if it. ‘A
loaded Hay-Cart,-on the Road -between Torten-
ham and London, was overturn’d in the Hurri-
cane, and falling upon the Driver that rode on a

little Horfe by the Side of it, the Horfe was kill’d,

and the Man’s Thigh Bone broke. ~ |
The Parliament that ftood prorogued-the 16th
Inftant, is order’d, by their Excel encies, #to be
further prorogued to the zoth of January next,
then to fic for the Difpatch of Bufincfs; ‘and a
Proclamation.is iffued out for that Purpofe. '-
‘On Thurfday laft Captain Draper and Mr. Ar-
buthnor fought a Duel in Hyde-Park, on Horte-
back, with Swords and Piftols. - The former was
fhor-in the Thigh. Company. came up, and pre-

vented further Mifchief.

Wednefday laft the Seffions- began at the Old
Baily ; thac Day one Richard‘ Scurri¢r was con-

-viéed Capitully for Shop-lifting; as-was next Dav
_ James Bird and John Ham, for ftripping ana rev

bing a Woman in the Street. It being a very large
Seflion, and not endedwhen this Paper went to Prefs,
we mutt refer the further Particulars to our next.
On Thurfday at the Clergymens Sons Feaft was
colle&ed 482 |. for Charity, and 1301. on Tuef
day before, at the Rehearf{al of the Anthem at Sr.
Paul’s, which is 46 1. mare than any of their for-
mer Colleétions. . a
There is Advice of the Robert and Samuel,

Captain Auftin, from Jdmaica, being loft near.
the Gulph of Florida.

~The Levant from ditto;
dafh’d to. pieces near Biddiford, and three of: the
‘And the Portugal Ketch of New-
caftle-for Oporto, loft on the Goodwin Sands, on-
ly one Man drowned. os
- ‘The Ships in the Downe rid fafe during. the
Storm. | a -

_ Sunday fix Prifoners broke out of the County

‘

Several Setis . .
on the Road, at different Stages, againft his Ma-
jefty’s Landing. - : :

qs is the Lord North and Grey trom Holland.

_ On Wedniefday laft dy’d Mr. Shaw,'a famous: |

Carcer at Drusy-Lane Play-Houfe, ~

The E. of Orrery is daily expe&ed from Friace ‘|. )

. Vaneffen from Stockholm for’ London, ‘ftruck on ~

 - divide atry Parcel of Land ; to take inacce
Hitanecs ; with Surveying Counties, Roads, Rivers, &c. Al-’

*, 1

Poplar, near Limeboufe, . for. the Bene fit ofthe Charity
Children belonging to that ‘Hamlet: . that-th the’ Mor-
ning by the Rev. Mr. Faxley,.“Pelloiv of Braxen-Nofe
College, Oxon, and in the Afternois: by the Reverend
Mr. Henley. vy - i mos

South-Sea Stock is i261 8th. Bank 130 1

“half. India'65 1 4th. African 16 1 half

ADVERTISEMENTS...

HE Powder which has-‘met_ with fluch a general Appio-
< bation from Multitudes of People, ig 1
Refpects fuily the Ule of Coffee, having .had a very: ldige
Demand; the Quantity then imported not being - fafficient
to anfwer the greac Cail, fo that many Cuftomers cquld not
be fupplycd, Care is raken, that none for the future. be
difappointed, a large Parcel being juft arrived exceeding
fine, and right. favoured ; to be had at. the firft Houle on
the lefe Hand in Bell Savage-Yard on'Ludgatc-Hil', made
up in quarter, half, or whole-Pounds, ar zs, 6d. per Pound.
Its Quality is extraordinary and necds no Mixture, being
drank entire, and approv by the moft judicions: It adds
to the beft, and makes. that which has loft its Flavour per-

oo, ,,_ 4 Gentleman wants, viz.

Honufe unturnifh’d, for a finall Family, with an Orchard-
A Garden, about 10 or 20 Miles of London, in Middlefex,
or Surry. ‘Propofals to be left for Mr. C. L. at Peele's Got:
fee-Houfe in Fleet-Strect. _

. a .,. November ro, 1725. ©

ROPOSALS for printing by Sublcription fixteen Prints,
Pc Shipping in TAK OSCUKO,

Painti of that celebra'ed Mafter Wi'liam Vandervaid,
Ry E. KIRKALL, This Work will confit of Storms, Calms,
Gales, Shipwreeks, Sea-Fights, Moon-Lights, Sea-Ports, &c.
Collected from the Cloftts of the Curious. Each Plate will
be 18 Inches by 13, fit for Frames and Giaffes.
good Succeis the Author has met with in his former
‘Work of Hiftory, has enconrag’d him to proceed, at.the
Requelt of many Gentiemen, Painters, and Loversof Art.
. The Subf{cription is two Guineas, viz. one Guinea down,
and half a Guinea more when eight of the Prints are deli-
ver'd, which will be in February next ; the other half Gui-
mea when the whale is delivered, which will be by Midfam-
mernext. There are feveral aleady done, and may be feen
at. the Author's in Wine-Office Court, Fleet-ftreet, and at
the following Places,. where Sub{criptions are taken in, viz.
My. King’s at the4alote inthe Pouitrey; Mr. Glafs's under
the Royal-E e;: Mr. Wildey's Toy-Shop the Corner
of St. Payl’s Chur Yard ; Mr. Phil. Overton's, and Mr.
‘Tho. Taylor's, Print-Shops in b'leet-ftreet. Mr. Regnier’s
an Newport-Street’ the End of Long-Acre; Mr. Hutton’s
the Corner of Pail-Malt; Mr. Fletcher, Boo'cfeller in Ox-
ford ; Mr, Ben. Cole, F.ngraver in Bear-Lane, Oxtord; Mr,
Thurlboumne and Mr. Crownfield, Bookfellers in Cambridge ;
Mr. Chaife, Bookfeller in Norwich.

‘T ‘Tho. Rawienfon’s near White-
chappel-Bars, and at Allen Cow-
per's, at the Sign of the Tallow-
Chandler againft Whitechaople Cnurch,
is fold the beft Tallow-Candles, not
inferior to any, at five Shillings and
two Pence per Dozen..
N. B. For yeady Money, and fine

Places,

This Day is publithet, dedicate1 to Dr. Halley, illuftrated
a - with 96 Figures engrav'd on Copper,

1} Surveying imnrov’d, or tne whole Art, both in Theo-
ry and Practice, fully demonftrated. In four Parts. T, A-
rithmetick, Vulgar and Decimal. IT. All Definitions, Theo-
rems, and Problems 3 with lain Trigonometry, and what-
foever elfe is neceffary to the Theory of Surveying, IYI. The
Defctiption and Ufe of Inftruments proper to be ufed in
praCtical Surveying. IV. How to Meafure, caf up, plot or
ible Heights and

——s

4 to reduce a Plan to a Profpeét; and to correét any Sur-
vey by aftronomical Calculation ; with Directions for ma-
king tranfparent Colouys for Maps. To which is added, An
Appendix: concerning Levelling, and conveying Water to
anv poffible Place aflign’d. By onry Wilfon, Printed for

J. Batley, at the Dove in Pater-Noftér-Row.

. THE deft Water in the World, fo call’d by thofe who have.

experienc d it to be fo for the Itch, or any itching*Hu-

wering 1n all”

after the original.

mould Candles may be had at the fame °

qt,

To Norrom two Charity Sermons will be-preached at

This Day is’ wblith’d an

“4%. Some Memoirs: of the Life of ABEL, TOBY's Un-

-¢le, Compofed, collared, comp) izéd, compiled, digefted, | me-

tho ized, _ written and huftrated.: y
To which is added; The Phyz ofhis Neph
.onily engraven on Copper; asal{e his. Life and

r. Andrew ‘Trine,

h ew: TOBY, ¢uri-

. Printed for-T. Warner,.at the Black Hoy in Pater-Nofter-

Row, Price I S. . . - 3 . . oo a cs
DROPE on Thurflay the <d-Inftant, between One and
Two in the Afternoon, betwixt Jermyn-Street, and St.
ames’s Markel, in Markct-lane, & grounded Brut:
eckCloath and Ruffles, wiapt in a white Piece
‘Who-ver bas taken it up; and: will

+

“Is Lace

of a Paper.
bring it to Mr. Free,

man, 2 Tin and Potter's Shop in St. James's Market, thall

have five Guincas Reward, and

*.* Propofuls ter

no
This Day is publith’d,

ueftions ask’d,
printing by Subfeription, a Scheme, de-

monftrating and fhewing the Perteétion. aud Harmony of

Sounds 3 which will be of great Uteto.all Profeffors and Lo-
Mufick 3; and alfo

prov’don by feveral of the. beft Matters and. Doctors of Mu-
A further Account of the ff;

vers of

fick.

to all Inftrament-Makeis. Ap-

aid Scheme may befzen in

the Propofais. This Scheme will ‘b¢é engraven on a Copper
Plate, two Foot fix Inches long, and two Foot broad, and
rinted.on fupe =.
bers is fix Shillings, one halfto be paid at Subliéribing, and

tite other half undt De ivery

rfine imperial Paper. The Price to Subferi-
of the Scheme. A finall ‘Trea-

tife, by-way of Explanation, .will be printed, and given ga-

tis to the Subfcribers. Ni B. Two Da‘trines ¢
Nature of Sounds, are explicated ;
that the Nature of mp

trines cflential to the
by which it will appear,

‘Sounds, theimPiminution, andexact Mea-

fure and Proportion are treated of, ina Manner not hither-
to publifh’d, either by Ancients or Moderns. Subferiotions
are taker jn, and Keccipts given, by J. Clucrin Bow Church-

Yard; B. Creak in Jermayn-Styeer, St James's ;

A. Camp-

bell at the Printing Office in Union-Sticet, near New-Pa-
lace-Yard, Weftmilter ; and by the Author, W. Jackfon; at

his Houfe in Hammerfinith ; alfo by all the Mufick Shops in

London and Weftminfter. | .
This Day is publiffiel, the sth Edition, of -

*,* Aftro-Theology
and Attributes of d,
luftrated with Copper Plates. -By W-
’ Windfor, Rector o

o , a Demonftrarion. of the Being
from a Survey o* the Heavens. Ii-
Derham, Canon of

and F. R

Go

Unminter jn Effex . S. Yo.

Printed for Williamand John Innys at the Wet-End of St-
aul’s.

of the Being and Attributes of God,

Where miay be had,

x. Mr., Cerhain’s Phyfico-Theology, or, 2 Demonftration

his Works of Cro-

ation. The 6th Fdition, $vo..

2. Mr.

Ray’s Wis’om of God, manifcfted in his Works of

the Creaiion. The 8th“Edition, 8vo.

3.
Edition.

. 2 Bithas S:
in Sheets. .-

His Phyfico-Theological Difcourf:s. The 4th

Phil -fophie Letters, 8vo.
nalridge’s Sermvns, Folio.

ohn Terry, formerly of London, Stay-maker,

Price one Guinca

Flereas J
WwW hath, for fome Years paft, abfeonde? himéelf. trom: his
Relations, and his faid Reiations have been inform'd, that he
has been dead for fome Years paft: This Is to give Notice
to all Parifh Clerks, and othors, that thall bring a Certifi-
cite from the Parith where the faid John Terry was bury'd,
fo that his Relations may be fitisfys’d as to his Death, to
Mary Harrod, Widow, at the Two Blue Polts, Old-Bond-
Street, Picxadilly, 1 all receive a Reward of rour Poun’s,

and all reafonable Charges, thal) be paid by the faid Mary |

Harrod; ant if the Widow of the faid Terry will give In-
formation hey felf where her {ai} Husband wasbnry d, thall
receive a Rewrd of tive Pounds, if the gives che firft Infor-
mation: The fail John Terry, when living, was a little

Man, of a drown pale Cmplexion,
Age. ,

about feventy: Years of

a This Day_is publifh’d, the Fourth Edition, of
«a Moral Effays

contain'd in feveral Treatifegson min7

important Duties. ‘Written in French by Meifieurs du Port
Royal’: Engifhed bya Perfon of Quality. In-Four Vo-
lumes. Printed tor Edmund Parker at the Bible and Cro‘vn

| in Lombard-Street 3 and fold by Benjamin Motte at the
Temple-Gate in Fieet-Street. ~

mours. It hath been taken inwardly for the King’s-Evil. It. I

is good to cure fore Eyes, or any other Sores, Ulecis, or Fi-
Rulas, it has préferved fevera! from having their Limbs cut off,
when all other Mcans have failed. Sold by the Perfon that

makes it, at the Sign of the Green Ganifter next to theDog |

and Bear Inn at London Wall near Little Moregate, who is
the Original and only Perfon that can make it. Sold by Mr.
Go e at the Caftle in Weftminer-Hall, Mr. Radford’s
Ciitneh-verd in thé Strand near Arundel-ftreet, Mr. Raw's at

~»she North Entrance of the Royal-Exchange, aver-agai nft Bar-

tholomew-Lane, Mr. Stewart Bowyer, Bookteller, under Ald-
ape Church qver-againt the Minories, Mr. Fan, Brufhmaker
NsccNtary Ax. .

Bottle, with printed Directions how to ufe it. What is fold

eifowhere cannot be dagended on, being counterfeited,

B. [thas no Smell. Price 1s. 6d. each

op at the Kofe and-Crown over-againft Sr. Clement’s |

*i* A Pracdticzl Treatife uonn Chriftian Perfection
William Law, A.
Innys at the Weft End

This Day is publithed, r
v

M. 8vo. Printe! far William andi John

of St. Paul’s

Where may be had

tr Mr. Law's three Letters to che Bithop of Bangor, the
8th Fidition, 8vo. : .. "

2.——-— Remarkson the Fable ofthe Bees, 8yvo.

3. The Religion of Nature delineated, gto.

4. A Moral

s. Mr. Shorey’s fourteen S ‘rmo
6. Mr. Altieri's

roof of the Certainty of a future State, 8vo.

ns, 8vo. oo .
Italian and Englith Dictionary, gto.
This Day is publithed, ”

x", Anew Book of Cyplters more compleat and regular

) than any vet extant; wherein the whole Alphabet twice o-

ver, confifting of 600 Cyphers, is varioufly changed, inter-

woven and reverfed, being a

ork very enter taifiing to fuck

as are. curious, and ufeful to all Serts of Artificers in gzenc-
ral, Compofed and engraved by S..Sympfon. Printed. for S.

Sympfon.

ngraver, in Catherinie-Srrect inthe Stiani; B.

Cole Engraver, at the Sun, a Lace . Shep in St. Paul's

Church-Yard ; and fold by J.

arke Fngraver and Priutfelicr

if GraysInn ; Tio. Taylor at the Golden Lyon, and P. O-

verton .at the Golden
Tho. Bowlesin St. Paul's: Church-Yard ;

ack,
J. Bowles over-a-

gaint Stocks-Market 5 and M. Reigasar in Newport-Street,

rintfellers.

Character. :

‘allo ta his prefeat Majefty. Sold by

‘veral Years ftaniting, whether occafion’d

Printfellers in Fleet-Street ; .

. the Pot

-_ «7 Juft publith’d, the 2d Edition of, ae
«_* Defiderdus's oY, the Original Pil rims,’a Divine Dia-
logue. Shewing the moft compéndious Way te arrive at tha
Love of God. ‘Render'd into Englifh, and expisin'd with
Notes, by Lawrence Howell, A.M. Printed for Geo. Stra
han, at the Golden Ball over-againft the Royal-Exchange
in Cornhiil. --.° ° .Wheremay dbehad,
- . The New-Year's Gift compleated, “In fix Parts Ccn-
taining,: The -Ladics Prepétation to the monthly Sacra-
ment. To:which are added, Contemslations:on the feveral
Stages o° sour Saviour’s Life ; with Soivoguies on the Gof-
pels, and Devotions for feveral Occafions. ‘The 3d Edition,
With Additions...” a **

: 2 A Guide to.Etemity: Extracted aut of the Writings of

the holy Fathers and ancient Philofophers. Written in’ La:

tin by John Bona.; Tranflated into Ensglifh by Slr Reger
L’Eftrange. The 7th Edition. - - 7 ~

2. The whole Duty ‘of a Chriftian, by Way of Quftion -
and Anfwer ; exactly purfirant-to the Nicthod of the” whole -
Duty of Man, and defigned for the Ufe 6” Chrity Schools.
The 6th Euitien, corrected by Robert Nelfoa, Ef, ,

A Large well built Houfe, feveral Rooms wainfcotted;” and
£4 Barns, Stables, Granary and Orciiaids, with fix Clofvtsad-
joining in Grafs, and more Land lying neat, if required. At
isacomn'cat Eftate fora Gentleman, and is within.¢ ors
Miles of Cckingham, ani 3 Miles of Reading, To enquire
of Mr. Richard Phelp, Who.lives it it ; .or of Mr. John Pit-
g°on, Brafier in Reading or of’. Mr. pokpa Phelp, in
Hlampton-Wick, near Hampton-Court, lronmon Jer.

EREAS it was fone Time ‘ago advertiled in the
Prints in the Year f724, that J2mes Wattington, of a-
baut 22 -Yearsof Age, 5 Foot 3 Inches high; ftooving in the
Shoulders, pale Complexion, a very hoarfe and flow Voice,
then wearing afair Wig, formenly.Page. to the Righr- Hon.
the Countefs of Ranelagh, was gone off :with s or £091, of
the faid Countefs's Money, and a Reward was offered for ane
prehending him, but the faid Watlington going beyontt Sea,
was never yet apprehended: Now the fa:d-Countefs being
informed that he 1s lately return’d to England, dotit hereby .
promife, - thac if any. Perfon fhall apprehend the fid Ware
lington within fix Months after the Publication hereof, fo
that he may he brought to Juftice, fuch Perfon_fhall receive
of Mr. Wim. Luken, Goldfmith, at the Black-Moor’s Head
in the Strand, sol. |
, This Day is publithed, | Se,
** Royal Cookery: Or, The Compleat Court-Cook. Con.
tain.‘ng the choicelt Receipts in all the feveral Branches. of
Cookery, viz. for making of Soops, Bifques} Olio’s, Terrines;
Surtolits, Punton’s, Ragoo’s, Forc’d-Meats, Sauces, Patties,
Pies, Tarts, Tanfies, Cakes, Puddings, Jellies, &c: As likes

wile Forty Plates, ¢curionfly engraven on corer, of -the

ificent Entertainments at Coronations and Inftalments ;

of Balls, Weddings, &c. at Court; as likew:fe of City-Pedfts,
To which are edded, Bills of Fare for every Month in the
Year. Wy PATRICK LAMB, EMG; ne.r Fifty Years Ma-
fter-Cook to their late Majefties King Charles If. % ing. James
IE. King William and Queen Mary, and Queen Anne. ‘Fhe
Thire Edirioi, with confiderable Additions, by a Genrleman.
who was Cook tothe above-named: Kings and Queens, and
. Browne,. wehour

Temole-Bar: J. Ifted, in Fleet-ftreet, and T. Cox, under the
royal-Exchinge: _
CAMALIEL VOICE, in Whalebone-Court, at the lower
¥ End o. Bartholomew-lane, Lothbury, near the Royal-Ex-
change, ferteth in ARTIFICIAL TEETH in the moftexatk
Manacr, which, are fo fitted and fet in; that they may be ta-
ken out and put in again by the Perfons themfelves, and are
not to he difterned trom tha Naturals they not only preferve
the Speech, but alfo preferve the Teeth next to them from
loofening or falling oat; but thofe who have Stumns to fet
them on, may, with the greateft Security, depend upon it; thdt

they wail anfwer the Ends of natural Teeth. - |
N. B> He fells and mends Watebes of all Sorts)

Againt th VENEREAL DISEASF.. .

H E ‘amous Itatian BOLUS, has fo great Siccef$ in

the Cure of the Venereal Difesfe, that_not one. of the
gcat Wumbers that daily take ic mif$ ofa per‘ect Cure; and
tho’ fo very cheap as 2s. 6d. each, yet four Roinfles never
fail to root ont and carry off the moft maligriant; virilent,
and obitinate kind of the venereal Nifeafe, without Corffine-
ment, or making your Cafe known to any; which, if it fails
todo, the Money is returned This great Medicine. likewife
deitroys Mercury, and carries it out of the Bodv, and’ thereby
reheves thofe unfortunate Perfons who have falicn into bad
Hands in former Cures. Ts to be had only at the’ Flaming
S-vord the Corner of Ruffel-Strect, over-againft Will's Coffte-
Houfe, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Plate is Coun-

terteit. . oO
Lestuarium Mirabile: Or, the Admirabdle Fic Suary
which intallibly cures ail rees and Symptoms of the
Secret Diftafe, with more Eafe, Speed and Safety, yan any
Medicine yet publifh’d ; any old Running, &c. though of f-
J by an: over-firain,

Weaknefs of the Seminals, or the 8 elicts of a former_Intecti-
on, iv certainly cur’d in a fhort Time, without a Minute's
Confinement, Suspicion, or the Ufe of Aftringenits 3 being a
Medicine fo wonderfully pleafant and eafy 1n its Operation,
that the niceft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may. take it
with Delight: Two Pots are generally fifficient to compleat

a Cure in molt Cafes. ‘To be hadonly of the Author Dr.Cam,

iuate Phyfictan, who has pnblithed it, 20 Years, and is
a ifantly to be advis with ar: his Houle at the Golden Ball
‘and Lamp, in Bow urch-Yard in Cheaptide, at balf 2 Guineg

-
 x

«pence for it, ofany he

‘of Bell-Savage-Inn on Ludgate-Hill. There is no fear but

Shis Dav is publiihed (recommended to afi Deifts, Free-
/ wht srs, and publick Patrons of private: Vices) the 4th
Bois Ole OT, .

*.7 ‘the Principles of Deifm truly reprefented, and fet in
2 civa: Light. In two Dialogues between a Sceptick anda
Deift: ‘Fae firft concorning the Chriftian Revelation. ‘The
fucond concerning Natural Religien, 8vp. Printed for Wil-
liam an: John Innys at the Wett End of 8t. Paul's. Prics1s.
\Vhere may be had, ~" 7
x. A moral Proof cf the, Certainty of a future State, 8vo.
2. Bithop Gaitrell’s Chriftian Inftitutes. The zd Edition,

r2ves.
2. pan Sermons at Boyle's Leétures, en the Certainty
and Neceffity of Religion in General. The 2d Edit‘on, 8vo.
hs The Biihopof Chefter’s Cafe, with Relation to the War-
enfhip of Manchefter, lolio. eo oe
_ . Bithop Stiilingflece’s Sermons, Folio. Price one Guinea

‘IS Britannick Majetty hath been gracionfly pleafed to
H grant unto Robert Bumpfted, his moft gracious Letters
Patent for England, Wales, the Town of Berwick upon

W

ine or Machine for raifing Water for fupplying Cities an!

owns, and draining uands overflown ; likewife for fupply-
ing dry and barren ive fo that thofe Lands may be culti-
vaied that now lie wi nduttlefs, wherebyNumbers of poor
People may get theirdaily Bread, that now are burdenfome
to their refpective Patifhes. The aforefaid Machine is fit for
many beneficial and:advantageous Uses; it will drain Ri-
veis, Tienches, P ; Se, and carry off the Mud, as Ceca-
fion fhall requires alf> work MIT LLS where vo ruaning

Streains ore, without Wind, Fire, Horfes, or w:thout the
goth Part of any additional POWER common in ‘fuch
CASES; ic Wu raife WATER out of PITS, or
MINES, from any Depth that may be required; will raife
Ships out of Decks at any Tide; and is of great Uf to all
Merchints, Mafters, and Owners of Ships, by throwing out
Water, and faving their Goods from Damage, which often
prove the uttér Ruin of many Merchants, &c. and will fave
many Meng .Lives by Preferving their Ships; on: Boy will do
more thai five of the ableft Seamcen can perform by any other
Method. Ail which Propofals the Inventer is ready to give
Ccular Demonftration of. N.B. Any Perfon may be fur-
nithed with the aforefaid Machine, if they pleafe to apply to
Mr. Matthew Weft, Goldfmith, at the Seven Stars in Clare-
Street, Clare-Market, London. ‘To convince the World that
his is no Fraud by the Undertakers hereot, they being at
the whole Charge, any Perfons that have Lands overiiown
with Water, may have them drain’ without any Charge,
only alloving one half of the fad Land fo drain’d, for their
Charge and Trouble, that now lyeth wafte and ufelefs to the
Owners thereof. N.B. If any Gentlemen have a Mind to

treat.with the Proprietor, and Mr. Weft abovefaid, may be

eome 4 Sharer of the fame.

. . There is. happily found out, -
-@ Specifick Drink fur the « ing's-Evil, or thof other moift,
LY. or running, ‘falt, harp, or itching Humours, or Break-
irigs-out npon the Skin, which fuch Numbers of’ People are
tplext with, and are either Tettery, Scabby, or Leprous, .
from a foul,or furfeired Blood: Alfo incipient Cancers, ol
Seres, Ulcers and Fiftulas. In all thefe Cafes, it abfolutely,
and fpeedily cures, no length of time, or the Malady’s being
ever fo bad or ftubbor, retarding .ics Effects. It 1s a won-
‘derfil, even an aftonifhing Medicine, for it vifibly cures, as
fat, -almok, asit is drank, every Dofe of it, inercafing the
‘Alteration for the better, and yet it is as innocent as Tea,
‘as pleafant andof no more Operation, but is of a Correcting,
Bloo?-Cleanfing, Sweetning Nature. In fo little a time only
‘as five or fis Days, it makes an Amendment fo confileranic,
as convinces cvery one that takes it, of its {pecifical, healing
Vertues, and of which the Author, J. Marten, Surgeon has
had fach thorough Experience in Perfons of all Conftitutions

-and Conditions, (who, with their Friends ant Relations,

will make evident the Succefs) that he will defire no Recom-
fhall undertake, until the Cure is
compleated. At his Lodgings, at the Toyfhop, the Corner
this Medicine, will obtain, by Degrees, the Opinion of all
the World, becaufe it will do whats faidofit. The Jrfuits
ark, is not fo fure a Specitick, in Agues and intermitting.
Fevers, as this is for thofe Humours.

The Great Keftorative, _

N all hyfterick-Difeafes, whither hypochondriack Melancholy
in Men, or Vapours in Women, however circumftanced, or

‘fo what Degree foever advanced, or of ever fo long ftanding,
are fpeedily and infallibly cured, fo as never to rerurn again,
by a pleafant compound Medicament, chymically prepared of

- the choiceft Anti-Hyftericks in the whole Art of Chymiftry :

‘ end chief Caufe, and thereby cures Indig

we

‘

 féd°Thou

“tonis that attend this grievous

This Medicine having cused Thoufands of Men and Women,
of Melancholy and Vapours, may be depended on fora pertet
Cure ; it ftrikes immediately at che firft Caufe of this Diftem-
per, and entirely -deftroys it Root and Branch, rectifving that
vitiated Ferment in the Stomach, which is generally the firft
rves, chears

Hiood and Spirits, ftrengthens the Brain an

the whole Frame, ftops Vomitin ‘th
» re noves Fears, Sines, difturb‘d Sleep, Twitch-
‘ings of the Arms or Legs, cures Palpitation or Trembling of
“tiie Heart ;

‘Gault and the Effect. will ccate. |

and-io where elfe. .

and his Majefty’s Dominions in America, for an En-

and two Lamps in Be

and bei

ion, purifies the .
d New

clears the Head from confu- ©

and Indeed ali othey-the many and various Symp- .
iftemper; for take away the .

: will Sold for 4s. 6¢. the Bottle,-
at the Golden BaW'on Puddle-Dock-Hil!, near Ludgate-Sereat, _

‘ ~

W Hee Flizabéth Barnett, the Wife of John Barnett,
of St. Mary Whitechapple, Citizen born, Shopkeeper
of Clothes; the hath lately been difturb’d in her Mind, ab-
fented her‘felf from her faid Husband's Houle, and taken
with her divers Sorts of Goods, and has, for fome Time paft
frequently done the fame, to the gieut Prejudice of her fuid

‘Husband 5 thére.ore I do hereby forbid all Perfons whatever

to truft, or give Credit to the faid Elizabeth Barnett, my
Wile, for that I- will not pay any Debtor Debts fhe thall,
after the Date hereof contract. Dated the 2cth Day of No-
vember, 1725. john Barnett.
INCTURKA NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordial
‘Tinccure tor the Nerves, being an approved, experienced
and never-failing Medicament in finking, Jangmfhing, and
lownefS of Spirits, Palpitation, or Tiembling pf the Fieart, In
all paralitick, foporpe and convulfive Diftempers, and in all
Afflictions of the Head and Nerves it infailibly prevents the
bad Eficéts of .Coffce and Tea on the Nerves, which occafiors
in moft People the above-mentioned Diforders (with many
more, which you'll fee at large in the printed Book of Dire*c-
ons) but yet by taking a few Drops of’ this meft pleafant deli-
cate Cordial, in the firft Difh of Coffee or Tea, you may then
drink at Liberty ; for this great Medicine penetrates through
the whole nervous Syftem, and fo recruits the Brain and Pre-
cordia with a full Influx of exulting Spirits, which perform the
Bufinefs of vital Function with freth Alacricy, and new Brisk-
nefs ; fo that the Pulfe, whigh lay feeble and wavering, now
falls a beating vigoroully, and with great Exactnel{s 5 mure-
over, it wonderfully difperfes Fear, Sadnefs, confufed Thoughts,
Twitchings of the Legs and Arms, difturbed Sleep and
difma! Train of Vapours and Melancholy. It ikewife ftops
Vomiting, puts off NaufeoufhefS, procuresa good A ppctite,

and is now in great Efteem amongft Quality of the firft Rank.

“Sold only at G. Strahan’s, Bookteller, at the Golden Ballin

Comhill, over-againft the Royal-Exchange, and at no other
Place. Price 2s. 6d.

WRIGHT’s Diuretick, or cleanfing Tincture. —

: wha urinally difcharges all the feeces or putrid relicks of

; the Lues Alamode, or Venereal Infection, and caufes
its Concomitants,. the wretched Train of that complicated

Diftemper, asa mucous, filthy, fanious Matter lodg’d in the
- Reins, or {permatick Parts, which either caufe a fharpnefs in
the Wine, or too frequently provokesit. This Relick is

difcovcrable, gay by the flubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a’

Debility or WeaknefS of the Back, a fetid naufeous, and
averting Smell of the Urine, with a purulenc Matter, or
feculent Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or‘fying in it, with
Variety of Figures. Jrarther, this Tincture efpecially carries
off all’ Relicks of the Venereal Difeafe, utter ill managed
Cures, not only cleanfing the Urinary Paflages of all Sand,
Gravel, Films, or membvancoiis Pellicies, &ec. but after a
fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftoring them, and
all their gental Parts, to cheir original Tone and Ufe, though
the Misfortune and Decay'b of the longeft Date, with an e=
qual Suecefs in each Sex. ‘Tio be had for 10s. per Bottle, with
ireCtions for its Uf,’ is
I{-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill.
NNE, Daughter of Samuel Ladd, li-
ving at the Ship and Crofs Daggers at
Doétors Commons, Porter, being about
14 Years of Age, was-blind of one Eye,
and her other Eye being very near blind, occafioned by a
great Cold, infomuch fhe not Light to guide herielt,
advifed to a yery eminent Occulift, who after a
confiderable Time he had her under his Hands, we found
fhe grew worle, to our great Surjrizc, fo that we had her
to diverfe other Praétitioners of Eyes for Advice, and was
informed by fome of them fhe could not be cured, which

caufed us to defpair, and we thought fhe would not be |

brought to Sight again ; but hearing of the many.and won-
derful Cures ot the:-Eyes_ pertormed by Mrs. Cater, who ftill
lives at the Hand and Eye in Caftle-Court —Birchin-Lane,
near Cornhill, did apply to her, who, at firft Sight of her,
told us her yes were curable, co our no finall Joy and Com-
fort, and alf) djd perform the Cure in a fhort time, to our
great Satisfaction ; and this I do in Juftice to the faid Mrs.
Cater, that thoft Perfons who are under the fame A fflicti-
on may know where to apply for Cure, given under my
Hand the t2th of O&tober, 1725. amuel Ladd.
Note, She cures without any Inftrument ;_ and the infallibly
cures the Ague, without the leaft Grain of Cortex, or that
they call -the Jefuits Bark. Price ss, the Vial. No Letters
received except Poft paid. oo |
a Ne T thee HUNGARY WATER WARE-
: , £1 HOUSE, at the Bmck Boy and Comb,
if 'a-Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage-
i Inn on Ludgate-Hill, is fold right French
Htingary Water, being the fame Sort fold

h feveral Years paft, and is eafily diftinguithed

Maver {ii from the pernicioys counterfeit Sort fold a-

Zaai bout the Town, pretended to be imported

rom Montpelier, &c, Likewife the following foreign Com-
modities are fold at the fame Place, viz.

pope French Hungary Water, at 1s 3d. the Half-Pint
ttie. ; |
_ Fine Florence Oil,at 28. per Flask. os
Right [rith- Ufquebau h, at 2s. the Hfalf-pint Rottle.
Fine Orange-Flower.Water, at 1s 6d. per Flask. °
Right Barbadoes Citron Water, gt.148. per Quart.
Righr French Claret'at 20s, por Dozen.
AN Sorts of Leghorn and Berniida Hatts tor Ladies.

_-N. BuDhere is a Sign-Paper on each: Bottle and Blisk, to
‘prevent Countérfeits: .°. Te | .

LONDON: Prinedby AL HIST, 10 Grest-treLane : Cones

(the -

anly ’at his. Houfe, the Golden Head .

‘ttoned. One 6

“In ftraining laborioks Coughs, that are uumerc

‘felf: Ir gives a moft natural

‘veflels,

THE Grand Italian Specifick for the
; Venereal Difeafé, which hath
done fuch Wonders, that not one in
‘twenty of the Numbers that has taken
it ever mijs'd of a Cure, A Tinéture
for broken Conftitutions, with a
Strengthning Tinéture for Weaknef-
tes, which never yet was. know! to
fa, Tall:
i the, Vencreal Difeale and Weaknels 5
with the 2 oyal Tobacco, {0 benefice:
for the Head and Eyes. A Bookis given Gratis of their Virtue
and Ufe at large, at Mr. Raws the Noith Gare of’ the
Royal-Exchange over-againft Rartholomew-Lane ; Mr. Hew-
fon's at the Rofe_and Crown over-againft Exeter-Exchange
Mrs. Cooper’s a Toy Shop the Corner of Charles-Conrt in.

the Strand.
jx APIUM ASTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Ju”

lep, which is known by many, Yeas Experience to -
verfailing Medicine in old obitinate ‘Afthma's, Whon faults.
tna Relier
: : ro

fome Night and Morning ;_"tis a moft excellent Remedy ie
Shortnefs of Breath upén ahy Motion, and in Breathing with
Difficulty, Straighinefs of the Breaft, with Hoarftnefs and
Wheezing. Nothing exceeds this admirable Juleo, for by open-
ing the Bronchial Duéts and Pneumonick Paffages, it pene-
trates mn the inmoft Kecefles of the Lungs, and there meetin
with tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Pulegm, fo attenuates,
divides, moves and woiksit, that by coughing and {pitting it
expectorates and throws up alifuch matter with the greateft
Eafe and Pleafare, thereby cleanfing and freeing the Rreaft

cating Fit it putsotf ina Moment; it givesa

and Lungs, when ftuffed up and clogged with a heavy Load, and: —
Note, -

fo prevents Confumptions, Ulcers of the’ Lungs, &c. -
It is a {afe and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken by fpoontuls
according to the printed Directions, without the leaft Confine-
ment, ordanger of catching Cold. ‘Tobe had at Mr. George
Strahan’s at the Golden Ball over againft the Royal Exchange
Cornhill, and at no other Place. Pricezs. 64, ,

Court, Fleet-ftreet, liveth a Gentlewoman
that prepares the moft excellent Cofmetick or
Beautifiers yet known,: as that moft noble Pre-
paration of Pearl, witha particular beautify-
ng Fiuid, both which ufed by Ladies of’ the
; ae. firft Quality; they, with Surprize, take away
me Corea, Kednels, Pimp'es, Rouginefs, Wonns, Mor-
phew, ‘curf, Sun-burn, Freckles, Wrinkles, Pits of the

mali-Pox, with other Defilements of the Skin, Likewife
fhe prepzres a fine Italian Cream ‘or the Pace, Neck, and
Hands, which plumps and finooths the Skin to Admirafion 5
the bjuns White-Pots, and Tower-Street Pots, with an Eaft-
India Chinefe Red Liquor, none’ having the Secret but her-
: It give J and lafting Bluth, that no Perfon
can diftinguifh when on the Face, and got to
Aifo tobe had, the red Crown Cakes, White-Pafte, or Cakes
for the Face, ot Hands, and all other Cofmeticks tormerly fold
here by Mrs. Hockle. N. B. She has a chymical Liquor ‘which
alters red cr grey Hair to a light or dark Brown. |

The Grand Specifick for cleanfing aud {trengthning the
Reins, &c,

Medicine that may be depended on as abfolutely effestua)
for carrying off by Urine, fafely and {pecdily, afl the «. -

Relicks of fecret Injures, Rematns oF nernhitiows :
prepared-mercurials, gieets, or weaknefiés, thro
ill-managed cures of the Venereal Difeafe 3.or from feif-

jution, inordinate coition ; alfo any -weakneflés of the VefKis

from wrenches, fraing. blows, or falls, and a}l other obftméti-

ons in the urinary paflages, cven ftranguaries, ulcers, doc. are
perfectly cured by it, be they of ever fo long ftanding. Thijs
noble fpecifick is alfo of fingular and very ext }

As alia a healing Wafer for ~

A Tothe Dove and Golden Ball in Salisbury:

be rubb’d: off |

te.ious or ©

. 3

e
and efficacy, where there 1s any gravel, or evenfmallftones,

flime, or any other matter that obftrncts the urine; bringing -

all away in a few times taking, with fatety.. It flren ens

‘and recovers, after a peculiar manner, all relaxations of the
rts, bringing all info right order, and
C

confirms the pa
thereby perfects the cureto admiration. It's ave

medicine, and may be taken with pleafure, and will’
of uncommon benefit to mankind, beyond ex
which is the reafon of its being made publick, and to obvi-'

ate the ignorance

fomd

cure, as you will fee by the directions given with it.
7s. 6d. the bortie at Mr. Lockton’s toyfhop ar the Griffin,
the corner of bucklersbury in the poultry.
uftpublifh’d, A New Edition of
J -p_AN Accouyt of the Place where the’
A Swallow, Nightingale, .Cuckow
Fieldfare, and other

Ae (ige GO and Refide during their Abfence

Y from is. Wich acurious Draught of the
OD te Place they Go to, and of their Johrney

iy tion of this Curious $ Gi

PR AN up one Pair of Stairs at Lhe Sign of the

Celebrated ANODYNE NECXLACE, Recommended by

Dr. Chamberlen for Children’s Teeth, next the Rofe Tavern

without ‘Temple-Bar. Ac Mr. Jer, Pain's, the E.rf

fhop in Pope's: Head Alley from Cormnhil. AS Xir
8.

Bookiulier, at Charing Cro

pettation ;_°

of pretenders in all the cafes above-men-
boetle, in moft cafes, is fuffictent fora bortect: |

old tor”
Rirds of Pat? -

thither and Back again. This new Edj- -
k is Given Gratis -

And by the: Author's: ures, 7
‘+R. Bradhaw, by Soho. Square. we ras tlic, |

Ver °°
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 11 Dec. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786234/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 