=| HE handfome and the young of
both Sexes, who do not ftand fore-
moft in the Favours of Fortune,
J are for ever making Complaints
againft a Grievance of a long
ftanding, and this is, that neither
Beauty nor good Nature (which is ftill prefera-
ble to Beauty) nor good Senfe, nor any other Ac-
complifhment either of Mind or Body, are able
to bear up againft the Charms of a great deal of
Money, and that in the Affairs of Love and
Wedlock, none of thofe Perfe&ions are fo much
as admitted to ftand for Articles in the Marriage
Portion. ee
Avarice, which is the diftinguifhing Infirmity
- of old Age, firft occafioned this Grievance.
The coyetous Parent.-who placed all his own
Happinefs in the Poffeflion of Money, facrificed
. the Happinefs of his Child to this Idol, and Was
content to fee him miferable provided, he faw
him in Plenty and Abundance ; but Time was
when the young Lover’s Heart was untainted
with this ingenerous Vice, and it was not known
till this Age of general Corruption and Avarice,
that the Lover or Virgin could be infenfible to
Beauty, Wit, and good Nature, and purfue Ugli-
nefs, aid ten thoufand Pounds.. Yer I am itill
apt to believe, that if young Women were al-
lowed to chufe for themfelves, they would ge-
nerally do it better than others chufe for them ;
if it be allowed that Loye be an ingredient ne-
eeflary to fweeten the married State, and that the
Happinefs of Life depends upon the Humour and
Liking of the Perfon to whom we are join’d.—
Your very great Fortunes are generally made
miferable by bcing fuch. I have fometimes:
feen a pretty Girl, who was a great Fortune,
drage’d to the Altar like a Sacrifice, and forced
by her Guardians or Relations into. the- Arms of
fome difugreeable Booby, fhe could not like, on-
jy: becaufe he was another great Fortune, who
chad fhe been born in meaner Circumftances)
_ had Gharms enough to recommend her .to fome

pretty Fellow.
But thefe are
drefs’'d witchout the oterpofition of forme Law.—
If T miftake nor, it Was Sir William Temple who
was of Opinion, that it would greatly promote
the: Union of the married State, if there wus a.

Law made, by. which na Woman of-syhat, Rank:

foever, fhould.be able to inherit or poffefs more.
«han a thoufand Pounds 3; he look’d.upon this to

tbe the only. Expedient which. could:be found ont.

to. induce Men. to marry none but_the Women
they lik’d; for he imagined that a choufand
Pound would not be fufficient to tempr a-Man of:
' ‘Fortune. to. join himfelf to a Woman who was
not -agreeable..to him, Apd. therefore thofe who
fhad “no :Forwine at call, .woyld haye an equal:
‘Chance.with the others for the moft advantagi-
ous Matches ; the Ladies then would only ‘vie to
‘excel each other in Vertue and good Nature, for
_ -thefe would be their only Reeommendations, and
‘noné would. bein, Danger of dying Maids, except
she fed, the. pffetted, andthe dl-natuveg.
" “ tn'fine, it Would ‘encorirage: Matrimony, which.
‘isa, beneficial Thing to. the Commonwealth’;
for.asithe Cafe ftands, ‘the ppar Man finds a

ssould. be.no.Incumbrance to & Family, for brec-

wmmitery-X-niahin ttatindlidne.: 0. sn: xthalithee,. .omnirtediistald  commsmaiesteadi aiattalten 8:)%' 5. | puatioas mies: Spadh atlas «<taiy ante wim.» ns Hos oad oie Ft eek! em eeiBl. \

Saturpay, AuGusT 21,

Grievances not likely to be re-.

great’

spany ‘Daughters a heavy Care, ‘but here they

~MIST’s WEEKLY JOURNAL. |

1725.

ding them.up in Modefty. and Vertue would be
Portion enough. : _
This brings té my Mind what the Chevalier a’

Aurieux fags of the Women of Arabia. ——- When
he comes to give an Account of the Manner of
making Love amongft thofe People, he takes
Notice how difficult it is to manage an Amour
amongft them, for the Women go always-veil’d,
and the young Men never come near them,
nor fee them even in Publick, but by Chance,
and then perhaps at great Diftance; however,
they fometimes take a Fancy for them at thefe
accidental Meetings from the Graces of their
Gates, or Stature ; or if they can poflibly come
near enough to talk ro them, tho’ ic is but for
it Moment, they often receive an Impreffion of
Love even-from thé Tone of the Voice; after
this they take Care to put themfelves in their
Way as often as they can, juft to fpeak a Word
or twoto them, en paffant as we termit,

If the Girl has an Inclination for the youn
Man who courts her inthis. Manner, fhe wil
take fome Opportunity. of giving him a Glimpfe
of her Face, which.is done by Sropping the Cor-
ner of the Veil, which they commenly hold in
their Teeth, jut as the young Men pa{S by them ;
after which they catch it up again as if the
Thing had happen’d: accidentally. Then the
young Man endeavours to have a more perfeé
View of her, which cannot be done unlefs he
can contrive to be himfelf unfeen ; for which
Reafon they either conceal themfelves in Tents,
where the young Women are to pafs by, or hide

in Bufhes near fome Springs where they ufuall

go. for Water; for when the Girls meer at thefe
Places they fit down and talk together bare-

If after a young Fellow has proceeded thus far.
in his Amour, he ftill continues to Jike the Girl ;

the next Step he takes is to find out who are the

Women of her Acquaintance, to whofe Houfes.
fhe reforts as a Vifiter ; then he applies himfelf
to the Father or Husband of foch Woman, ac-_
quainting him’ with his Love, and his Defign of
marrying fuch a Girl, and begging he may be
admitted into his Houfe when fhe comes there to.

Vifit, in: order to have a more perfe& Sight of

: °

her, which is feldom refufed. |

. When this is done, and he is fatisfied with the
Perfon of the Girl, he fends his Relations to-her.
Father, in order to treat about the Price of her;

for inftead of receiving a Portion, he is ‘obli-.

ged to buy her; the Price is generally accor-
ing to the Girl’s Beauty, or to the Circumftan-
ces of the Father ; if he be poor, he generally in-
fits upon the. greater, Price, becaufe thar amongft
them Daughters are look’d upon to, be the, Riches .
of a Faraily. , ces ree
If (as ic happens fometimes) there be fome Dif.-
ficulty of bringing the Parties to Agree upon the
Bargain, becaufe of the high Demands on the
Father, it is common to reproach him in this Man-
ner ; What a Shame it s.for you to be fo covetous, you
who ave fo Lappy and eafy in your Circumftances?. Have
you nok fix:Daggbters 2. But the more Mez have, , the
more. they covet, ; Then, perhaps, the Father will.-
anfwer, it istrue, he:has fix Daughters, but.then ,

he: hes: rwo., ar: three Sons. to provide for; and}

thar: he has, nothing to give them ‘but what: he.
can make of his Girls, and that it is inoumbent.

| upgn dim.to provide for his Family. newer Ia, all

«the Purchafer is muchin Love, if he be a coves a

Articles drawrfand witneffed, an

former Papers.

| The Letters fro
‘dor the’ Marriage and Reception of the ‘Queen, :

thefe Bargains thére is a’ much Art ifed as dn
any other; and-when the Father pérceives ‘that

tous Mau, he fqueezes np the Price as hich as
he can. -As for Example, the Author fays, .
he on¢e heard a young Man treating himfelf wich 7
the Father of his Miftrefs in his -Mannéps ——
Will you take fifty Camels for your Daughte# ? (Ile muft
be obferved, that the Wealch of the Arabians éorr-
fifts altogether in their Flocks, for they keep no ,
Money by them; ) the Father. anfwer'd, f cans
not afford her fo cheap, I have been offered fivé
and fiity ; fo the young Fellow clofed with him,
and they went béfore a Cadee or Jadge; to have x
“the Marriage _

was celebrated the n¢xt Day.

FOREIGN AFFAIRS, ~

The Accounts relating to Affairs in Perfia comeé
very various ; it fhould feem there is nothing in
it, or they are not willing at Conftantinople to
own the Succefs of Miriweys, mentioned in out!
On the contrary, they write
from thence of the oth of July, that the Seras-
kier who commands the Troops defign’d for the
Siege of Tauris, had taken three fmall Towns j
and another Body of the Ottoman Troops had
taken no lefs than eight fortify’d ones, which
were inhabited by Armenian Chriftians, who
were all made Slaves, and this without any O
pofition, the Letters making no mention of Mi.
riweys or his Army ;.and only tell us, that the: ”
young Sophi, with his Army, which is:very nus © . --*
merous, 1s marching to obferve the Motion of the
Ruffian Troops in the Province of Ghilan.. On
the other Hand, there is Advice from Choc-
zim, by the Way ef Poland, that the Arabians
have taken rhe Town of Baffora from the ‘Turks.

Letters from.Mofcow of the 24th of July, fay _
the Czarina is refolved to fend an Embafly to a:
China, in ordes to re-eftabliffr- the beneficial _
Trade the Ruffians did carry on to that Country, }
which has been interrupted by the Intrigues and
Management of Miriweys, and add: that- they
have repeated Advice from Aftracan, that. the
faid Commander is drawing towards the Frontiers -.
of Georgia an Army of 150,000 Men, among
whom are 40,000 Circaflian:‘Tartars,, with defign
toundertake fomethingof Moment. °~. °° °°...

"The Grandees of Poland; who had the DireQ@i- °°.
ons.of the Affair of Thorn, have drawn’ up a -
Memorial tending to perfwade his Polith Maje- a,

fty not to comply with the earneft Requeft of the

Proteftant Potentates, to repeal that Sentence or
declare it unjuft, fince that would be breaking .
the fundamental Laws of the Kingdom, for the .
maintainidg of which. there was tio Mémber in,
the Dyét “bur would facrifice.. his Life’ and'For-c, pa,
fune.—— Th “the mean ‘Time the {King of Prt MY ees
fia, is going to augment his Army with nitie n(jgieen a
Regiments, to be raifedin his own Territoriee@ateea
the Levies for which are already begun. ~ °.. f
he Queen of Pruffia is arrived at Herrenhag
fen, apd was receiv'd by the King her. Father, witha
all potible Marks “of AlfeCtion. —— And Pritica@ape nee
Eugerie is expef&ted there from Vienna, to cons\ bat
derr-Meafures of the greateft Importance. with “2.2 Fae

om

His Britanick Majefty. ee
Paris and Strasburg are Gll'd = | =
the magnificent Preparatiofis :| eh

ee

with Accounts o
 _

which ate fo fo grand, that they have drawn the |

Curious. from all Parts of Europe to behold what
cannot fully be related. Oo |
Dublin, Aug. 11. This Day the Lord Mayor
and the feveral Companies of this City, very fine-
ly drefs’d with Cockades, &c. made a Proceflion
round the Limits of the Corporation ; and his
Lordfhip performed the Ceremony, (which is
done every third Year) of throwing a Dart into
the Sea, to fhew the Extent of their Territo-
ries) The watery Element did not: let this Af-
fault go unreveng’d, but return’d the Hoftility
with a great Shower, which damped all their
Pomp, and put them inro great Confufion.
His Excellency our Lord Lieutenant, who ecca-
fionally diverts himfelf with fhooting at a Mark
® with a fingle Ball, excels fo far therein, as to hit
the Breadth of a Crown at 150 Yards, and to
come within three Inches of it at 200 Yards
Diftance. .
. Glafcow, Aug. 7. 'T’other Day was buried the
laft of the-Perfons mortally wounded in the late
Tumult here, making the Number in all 32, fe-
veral of which were innocent Perfons.

Edinburgh, Aug. 12. The Remonftrance prefen-
ted to General Wade, by the Highlanders, ten-
ded to fhew feveral Hardfhips in the At rela-
ting to them, and to defire he would ftop the
March of his Army, till their Cafe, which was
Jaid before the Lords Juftices, fhould be anfwer'd.
‘The Glaftow Mail was robb’d going from hence
about two Miles off, in the Night, by two Coun-
try Men, who took the Poft Boy’s Moncey, and
rifled the Packet. 30 1. Reward is offer’d for ta-
king them. The Brewers perfift in their
Refolution to leave off.

Plymouth, Aug. 13. Brigadier Dormer, Envoy
Extraordinary to the King of Portugal, is arri-

" ved here in his Way to Lisbon. The Southwell,.

‘Captain Berdo, from Sicily for Lisbon, founder’d
absut 16 Leagues from Lisbon, and was loft, the
Captain and Crew fav'd theinfelves in their Boat.
 . Derly, Aug. 14. The Duke of Devonfhire and
his Fainily being come to his Grace's fine Scat at
Chatfworth, on the 12th the Mayor and orher
Magiftrates of thisCorporation went in a Body to

pay their Refpetts to his Grace.

‘Exeter, Aug. 13. At the Affizes here for the.

County of Devon, reccived Sentence of Death
Wm. Bourne for. Horte-ftealing, and Wm. Mor-
gan.and Stephenton Ball for breaking into and
robbing his Majefty’s Storehoufe ‘at Stoke-Dama-
*yel, but were all three.repriev’d. James Lock-
“hart, concern’d with the.two latrer, is to be tranf-
ported. Richard ‘Laud, indi&ed for mortally
wounding Aaron Arthpr, .was acquitted, appca-
ring to be Now compos Mentis. - - Co
‘Tiverton, Aug. 14. Sir Wm. Yonge, Kt. of the
Bath, being chofen our Recorder, on Wednefday
laft gave a {plendid Entertainment to the Cor-
poration. — i .
Hereford. Aug.g. At the Affizes held here on
the 7th; 2. Men reccived. Sentence of Death

for Horfe-ftealing, and one for breaking into and _

robbing ‘a Houfe.. The Profecutor received 40],
for convicting the latter, but all three. are. re-
prieved. ‘Two Men accufed of being Fathers of

Baftard Children, are ordered to remain in Pri-
fon. for. not giving Security to maintain the

fame. .

; Monmouth, Aug. 1h. Elizabéth Dayis,.a ‘Ser

.

vant .at.an Inn, was try’d here.on the. eth for

ficaling 5 Guineas and 2 Moidores from Thomas
Smith, but acquittéd. It appeared upon the E-
vidence, that the Profecutor’ was, drunk, and
gave her the Money to lie with-him ;. Wheréup-
on‘the Court ordered it to be reftored to her. _

Reiding, Aug. 16. An ofd Man of 60 is com-

mitted to this Goal, being charged on the Oaths

of his’ Daughter and Wife, with ravifhing the

former, and giving them both the foul Difcate.
A Man; taken in a finall Theft in. this Town,
and another ina Felony at Whitley in this Coun-
ty, cut both their own Throats before they could
be fecured in Prifon.
Salisbury, Aug. 14. Wm. Hearft, Efq; a young
Gentleman of the Clofe in this Ciry, juft come
of Age, and toa 1000]. a Year, having had the
Small-Pox by Inoculation, dy’d thercof the Be-
ginning of this Month; ‘tis hop’d, in Charity
with the Operators, who did not fpare to bleed
and blifter him to the laft,.and now attribute the
Mifcarriage to fome orher Diftemper.

Norwich, Aug. 14. The Worfhipful Mr. May-
or, with Confent of the Court, has made Choice
of Mr, Clark, jun. to be one of our Sheriffs next
Year. A Man was killed laft Week at Wraxham,
by the falling in of the Earth as he was working
ina Pit. Oo | |

LONDON, Aneuftar

An Ambaflador from the Emperor of Morocco
to our King arrived laft Week in the Sambourn,
a Merchant Ship, and landed at the Tower on
Sunday, and has his Houfe of Refidence in Suf-
folk-Strreer.

Preferments. Mr. Claget, Fellow of Quecn’s
College, Cambridge, made Regifter to the Arch-

deaconry of Sudbury, in the Room of Mr. Good-
ing, deceaféd.

. Edward Trelawney, Etq;
appointed Commiffioner of the Vietualling, in the
Room of Thomas Bere, Efq; deceafed.

The Rev. Mr. Carey, of New College, Oxon.
appointed Whitehall Preacher for September.—
The Rey. Mr. Kennet, Chaplain to the Rt. Hon.
the Lord Chancellor.

The Effex and Sea-Horfe, two South-Sea Ships
richly laden, ‘are arrived in the Downs.

Luft Saturday the Bifhop of London held a
Vifitation at St. Paul’s Cathedral, and gave Or-
ders for preventing. great Numbers of People from
walking about rhere during divine Service.

The Troops in the Weft and North-Weft Parts
have Notice to be ready againft the Day appointed

for the Review of their refpeftive Regiments.

The Governors of Chrift Hofpital have agreed
with the Executors of the late Lord Lanesbo-

rough, in’ Confideration of the Sum of 4001. to

provide for the Education of one Boy in their ma-
thematical School for ever.

Laft Saturday the great Bell at Sr. Dunftan’s

Stepney, fell down to the firft Floor of the Bel-
frey, and did no other Damage than breaking the

Wheel, tho’ it is 48 hundred Weight.

Deaths. Mr. 'Trumana Wine Merchant.
My. Peter Deharce, a Silk Merchant: at Tun-
bridge. Mr. Tuffley of Croydon, on Horfe-
back. ———The youngeft Daughter_of Sir Thomas
Scawen. Mrs. Meredith, Sifter to Roger
Meredith, of Kent, Barr. at Bath. -——— In St.
George’s Fields a Horfe. run away with a Boy,

and.run over. a Woman, who was killed on the-

Spot ; the Boy has been admitted to Bail. |
'” A Centinel of the Foot, Guards broke his Neck
by ‘a Fall from his Collonel’s Horfe.

A poor Woman ‘in Liquor broke her Skull by a
Fall near Chancery-Lane. ~

The Right Honourable the Earl of Lincoln is

one to refide fometime at his Seat near Peter-
orough. © _ -

They write from Paris, Aug. 25. N.S. That
they had received Advice that Vi&or-Amadeus
Theoderus Duke of Aofta, only Son of the Prince
of Piemont and of the Princefs Anna Chriftina
Louifa of Sultsbach, his firft Wife died at Turin
the 11th Inftant.

Several Englifh Gentlemen have lately ems |

bark’d at Dover for Calais, in order to proceed
to Paris, expefting to fee the French Court at
this Junéure in its utmoft-Splendor and Magni.
ficence, on Occafion of the Nuptials of their young
Monarch. °

Mr. Cheefeman, the couragious Carpenter,
that deftroy’d Philips the Pyrate and his Crew;
is made Carpenter to his Majefty’s Ship the Kin-.
fale, as a Reward for his’ good Services in. that,

brave Enterprize; a particular Account of which

may be feen in The Uiffory of the Pyrates; by Cap-
tin JOHNSON. Hifery of the Byratess by Cap

According to feveral Advices from Abroad,
they have had an extraordinary good Corn Har-
veft in Sicily, Spain and Portugal, and it prov’d
betrer in feveral Parts of France than was expe-
ted, efpecially the Southern Parts. |

We hear thar at Rochelle 18 Ships laden with
Corn, were forced to unload it into the Grena-
rics, to wait for a better Marker, the Price being
fo much fallen.

Francis Fane, Efg; is appointed one of the
King’s Council, and Council to the Lords Come.
miffioners of Trade and Plantations in the Room,
of Richard Weft; Efq; now Lord Chanceller of
Ireland.

On Thurfday laft James Joye, E(q; of Duke-

Street, Weftminiter, going towards Ifleworth in
a Coach and Six, was overturn’d on the Road
near Sion Houfe by an empty Chaife with two
Horfes that was going the fame Way, and the
Coach drage’d above 20 Yards, fo that the Gen-
tleman and his Lady, and two more that were
in it were much bruifed or wounded; one Gen-
tlewoman had her Arni broke in two Places. It
is faid, the Misfornme happened by a Conreift
between the Drivers who fhould get foremoft.
Laft Friday ‘Squire Kingftown of Plailtow, a

>

- Gentlewoman and his Houfekecper,was overturn’d

in his Coach on Epping Forreft, the latter had

. her Arm fhiver’d to Sptinters, and her Head cut ;
the ‘Gentlewoman was not much hurt, nor the

Squire, tho’ he received a Rub on his Head.

Alderman Child has paid Mr. Strong the Ma-
fon for the Dutchefs of Marlborough 7200'f, for
Work done at Blenheim.

_ Anold French Refugee was taken up, as he
was attempting to ravifha Girl of 10 Years old
on Monday laft. a

Two Swedith Men of War are arriv'd at Ply-
mouth to Victual. .

By endeavouring to be concife in our laft, we
committed a Miftake, not obferv’d by us till {c-
veral were printed off. It was in joining the
Earl of Strafford with Lord Bathurft as goirg to
pay his Court to bis Royal Highnefs at Richmond, &c.
whereas, - they agrced only in.the Circumftance

‘of going to their Country Seats. about the fame

time ; *twas-not that nuble Earl, but Lord Ba-
thurft we fhould have faid had been ac Richmond,

South-Sea, Stock is 121, 1233 Sth. Bank 133 °

18th. India 173. African 13, 7 8ths.

ADVERTISEMENTS. |

Next Week will be publiflied for July (being the feventh)
ws New Memoirs of Literature, containing an Account
of-new Books printed both at Home and Abroad, with Dif-
fertations upon feveral Subjects, mice and fo Obfervati-
ons, &e. By Michael de la Roches Printed for William

and John Innys.
J f y Where may be had,
I. The fir Volume, with an index. - .
II. A complteat Sett of the Philof»phical Tranfactions frony
663 to 1925, in 32 Volumes 4to.. ef 7
; N. By'There are, 386 Numbers, moft of which niay be had
feparate. ce 7 a

V7 HEREAS Catharitie Wilmontown, Wife of John Wil-"

montown, of Chefnut-Street, Hertfordihire, having:
eloped from her faid Husband. ‘Theft. are therefore to de-

fire all Perfons not in any way to truft her, for he the faid:

John Wilmontown will not pay any Debts fhe tha contr
after this Notice given,

ff
 — — ~Qeegr

#4, The ROM

* -Speedily will be publifh’d, by feveral Hands, No. I. of
'* HISTORY campleat, from the Foun-
dation of ROME down to Charlenagne. Compiled by the

Rev. Fathers CATROU and ROULLLE, of the Socicty.

of Jefus. |
Peele in Pacer-Nofter-Row. ; : :
N.B. A great pait of this Work is already tranflated by
feveral Gentleinen, and was defign’dto be publifhed in’two
Volumes in Folio; but Mr, Edlin hearing of the Defign,
has begun: publiina part of it, tranflated by Mr. Ozcil,
and pr pofes .o -publifh the Remainder in feparate Pamph-
iets. The Proprietors of this Tranflation are therefore de-
termite! co pufus the faine Method, and give this publick -
Nozice, that Geatlemen may sot be impofed on, by buying
a‘tyonilacion whicn ofren miftikes the Author's Meaning,
andis fil of unpardonavle Blunders. The many Errors in
Mr. Ozell’s ‘Vr unflati.n wiil be pointed out in the Preface
to \nmb. 1. (vhica will be publithed with the utmoft Exne-
dition) tht the Publick muy be Judges of his Capacity tor
fuch an U ideitaking.

ERSONS want to purchafe Annuities from sol. to 6ool.
Pp a Year for their Lives, fecmed by Land or good Free-
hold Houfe;, and will give good trices——Perions want to
buy Piaces for Lisé-——-One wants to purchafe an Eftate in
Bucks or « erks, from 2001, to 6001 2 Year, with a hand-
fome Honfe and Gardens. ——- Perfons have che following
Sums to lay outin the purchaft of Eftates———7o00l, r20901.
360001, 309001 ——=Perfons want to purchaie Freehold or
Lealehoid Hotfes in Middleiex or Londoin.——rer.ons have
Mon.y ho lead upon Land, Houf-s, or good Depoliis——
Eftates to be fold.——-100 |. a Ye rin Land in Cambridge-
fhirt.——rool. a Year in Land, Houles, in Serks—-s0 I.
in Land in Ditto. Letters to be directe1 to Burton's Cef-
fe-Houfe, Bury-Street, Sc. Janes s, Poit paid,

Printed Fr T. Woodward in Fieet-Stycet, and J.

| W HERRERA ‘it hath been falfly reported, that the Trade

lately followed and curry'd on by Barbara Dabbs, late
on Lymehoufe Caufewey, Framework-Knitter, is entire y
given over, and the Frames with other Implements belong-
ing tothe Trade, are fold: Theft are-to certi:y that the
fuid Report is falfe and groundiels, ‘et on Foot by fome
feltdefigning or malicious Perfon, and that the faid Bufi-
neis is not difeontinucd as reported, but carry'd on with
greaicr Vigour and Diligence than heretotore, where Per-
fons of both Sexes may be carefully furnith'd with all forts
of the beft. kind of Stockings, at reafonable Prices, with dou-
bie Heels and I’eet, which makes them very durable.

STOLEN or ftray'd out of Tatnum Highcrofs Marh, the
sth of this Inftant Auguft, a brown Gelding, 153. Hands
high, fix Years old, having a ‘Tatnuné Brand, which is T.
H. and a Crofs over it onthe near Shoulder, and a Star on
his Forchead. Whoever gives Notice ofhim to Mrs. iNorth’s,
a Baker, at Tatnum, or to Mr. Biggs, a Mcalman, at the
Crofs-ieys withont Bifhopigate, London, {fo as he may be

had again, fhall receive a Guinea Reward, and reafonable |

Charges, and no Queftions ask'd,

HEREAS [ Elizabeth Juitice, ledging at Mir. Cle-
ment's near the Watch-Honle in Well-Clofe-Square,
Wapping, have been many Years, every Spring and Fall,
afflicted with a fore I.cg, and particularly this laft Year, fo
gricvoully tormented therewith, that “twas the Opinion of
the moft ableft Phyficians, and Surgeons, that the fame was
incurai le, and ought to be cut off to prevent M_-rtificatl-
on: This is thereicere to facisty che World, that’ having
heard of the Fame of Dr. Atton'’s Excel ent Stiptick, lam
by the Blefling of God and the Ufe thereof pericctly reco-
ver’ which the Charity IT owe tomy Neighbours, and the
Juttice duc to this Excellent ..cmedy obliges me to_publith
to the World, F. JUSTICE.

oo, — To be Lett next Michaelmas, .
T “‘Titchficld in -Hampfhire, a good Dwelling-Houfe,
ef\ with large Gardens well plunted with Wall Fruit, and

“Waeher Fruic arecs ; together with a Coach-Hiufe, Stabling,
‘and other convenient Ont-honfes, and about three Acres of

Meadow Ground adjoining, lying within 6 Miles of. Gofport,
and the fame Diltance fiom Southampton: Enquire of Mrs.
Watts at Titchfield aforelsid.

This Day is. publith’d (to be continued Monthly, No I, of
_ *,* “Mr. Le Rapin Thoyras’s Hiftory ofEngland, the
yoowt imy atial extant. Doe into Englifh from the Ori-
inal EY¥ench, with fome additional Notes, by Ns TIN-
DAL, M.A. Vicar of Great Waltham in Effex. Printed
for Jumes and John Knapton, at the Crown in St. Paul’s
Church-Yard. Price 2 s.°
_ Number I. Contains the Preface, Introduction, andfrom the
Invafion of Julius Crefarte the Calling in of the Saxons ;
with an Account of the Britith Ciurch.
_ Number If. From the Calling in of the Saxons to the
Founding of.the Heptarchy. 1
‘Church, Of the Heptarchy in gencral, and part of the Hi-

ftory of the Kingdom of Northuibberland in particular. Price

3s. cach Numbcr, .

_ N.B. The Tranflator mentioning in the Prefacc, that he
intended to abridge fume Paffages of no Moment, has made
feveral belicve he defigns an Abridgment of the whole,
than which nothing can be farther from his Thoughts, and
therefore to remove this Objection entirely, he declares he
will abridge no part of the Hiftory, finding that fiuch is
the diffufive Way of Mr. Rapin, that the giving fome-
times a new Turn-to the Words, and tranflating always in
a concife Manrier, (which furcly is the beft Method of tran-
flating) will, asnear as can be computed, bring the Hiftory
within the Compafs of five Volumes, Sve. printed on the
fame Letter as the fir  Numbcr is. - ,

cand difta

The State of the Britifi .

‘ment for fo great a Cure.

‘+. Juft publifhed, _- roe
- *,* PROPOSALS’ tor printing by Subicription, K ere-
rendi admodum in Chrifto Patris, SAMUEL!S PARKER f,
Ep-feapinoa ita pridem Oxonienfis, de Rebus fui Temporis

Comimentarionnm Libri Quatuor.. F,; Godice M.S. ipfius

Authoris manucaftigato, nttic primtun in tucem editi.
This Buok contains a great deal of curious Hiftory nd

Obfervation, relating not oaly to the A ffitirs of Great Bri-

tain and Ireland, hoth Eccleliaftical and Civil, bur of al)
Europe, f» far as domeftick Tranfattions and Events had
an {nHuence on the Interefts of foreign Courts and Coun-
tries: And it will clear up many Things, in which other mo-
dern« Hiftorians are citer miftaken or defective. It gives
the Reader a View of tire fucret Motives on which Meafures
were taken by Men of all Denominations ; it his many par-
ticular Characters.of Men of Note, and defrves te be read
by all ingenuous Perfons that have read another late ,lear-
ned Prelate’s Hiftory of bis awn ‘Times. oo.

Sub{criptions are taken in by C, Rivington at the Bible
and Crown in St. Paul’s Chureh-Yard, &. Clements, Rook-
felicr in Oxford, C. Crownfield, Bookfeller in Cambridge,
F. Hildyard, Bookftller in York, J. Waghorn, Beokfeller in
Durham, and J. Leake, Booxfeller in Bath.

' Juk publifh'd, ;

** The Practical Surveyor ; thewing ready and ce'tain
Methods for meafuring, maping, and adorning al] Sorts of

Lands and Waters, by the fevera’ [nftruments ufed for this:

Purpofe, particularly by a new Theodolite, very convenient
to be ule by thofe who are refolved to be accnrate, as well
as capeditions : Together with the Ofe of the fame Theodo-
lite, in: drawing the perfpective Appearance of a Geatic-
maii’s Scat, without meafuring the fingle Length, at one fct-
ting down of the Inftrument, the Picture having any given
Pofition: Alfo its Ufe in Levelling, meafaring Timber it in-
ding, Gilby a fliding Rule improv'd, all Timbeis, Shrubs, &c.
And the Ufe of 2 curious univertal Dial, which finds the Va-
riztion of the Comp :fs, and solves many ple fant aftronom!-
cal Problems, &c. by Infpection. N. B. The greatef Part
of this Tr-atifeis cntirely nev, th: reft extract-d fom Ex-
peri“nce, and the beft Authors yet extant. Sold by ‘Thomas

e:th, Mathematical Inftrument maker at the Hercules
and Globe next oor to the Fountain Tavera in the Strand,
and by ichard King, Bookfe ler, at the Prince’s -Arms in
St. Paul’s Church-Yard. Piice bound 2s.

uft publifhed, the fecond_Vol. of

4% THE HUMORIST, being. Fflays upon feveral Sub-

jects, viz. An Account of the Author, Stockjobbers, Authors,
‘Fravels, Fancy, Journalifts, the Weather, Hove, Educa-
tien; Prating, modern Inventions, Luxury,. Libels, ponue
lar. Difcontents, great Men, theatrical Entertainments,
Method in Writing, Suicide, Infidelity, publick Snoits, Le-
vity, the Duty of Authors, a Club of Authors, Happincls,
Women, Coffee-Houfes, Mafquerades, Patriotifm, Bifhop
Burnet’s Hiftory, Mortality, the Characters of different Na-
tions, Sedition; Hdpers, to:we Characters of the prefent .Age.
Printed for Tho. Woodward. at the Half-Moon over-ag unit
St. Dunftan’s Ghurch in Ficet-Stréct.. Where may be had,
I. ‘The 2d Edition of the -firft. Vol. : -

II. Cato‘s Letters in four neat Pocket Vols. with the

Characsier of the tute John Trenchard, Ffq, 2. | - ;
If. ‘The Art of Thinking, by Monf. Croufaz, inz Vols.
Oétavo. ;
T is need'efs to fay any Thing in the Behalf ofa Book that
has pafs‘d with univerfal Approbation, thro’ nine Editt-
ons 07 zooo each, the Bookfellers it is printed for only give
Notice, that this Day is publithed the tenth Edition of O-
NANIA, or the heinous Sin of Self-Pollution, and all’ its

- frightful Confequences in both Sexes confider'd, with fpintual

and phyfieal Advice to thofe who have alrcady injur’d them-
fclves by that abominable Pracstife ; in which are many very
remaikable, and f me of then even attonilhing Letters, from
Perfons of both Sexes, young and old, fingle and marry‘d,
concerning their Seif-Abufes, &c. Alfo Letcers from Cter-
gymen, Phyficians, Schoolmafters, &c. fome of them Cafui-
{tical ef Cafes of Conftience, &c. with Anfwers to them ;
and one trom a Lady, very curious, concerning the lawfil
Ufe and finful Abuie of the Marriage-Bed, with Hiftorics
of Cafes and Cures, &e. and one fram another young mar-
ry’d Lady, who, by that detefable Practice, became barren
fed, “A learned Divine and Phyfictan has reeom-
mended this Book in thefe Words; ‘ This lictle Book oug :£
“ to ke read by all Sorts of People of beth Sexes, of what
“ Age, Degree, Profeffion, Condition foever, guilty or not
guilty of the Sin, deelaim'd againft init. Sold.by TP. Crouch
at the Bell in Pater-Nofter-Row, near Cheapfide, and J. I-
fted at the Golien Ball, by St. Dunftan’s, Flect-Strect,
Bookfellers. Price ftitch'd os:
, ] Elizabeth Myers, Wife of . William.
, eS Myers, Weaver, living in ene. of the
| 7 tea Houles in Coverley’s Fields in Mile

to have a Piece of Mortar fall into my Jeft Eye, which oc-
cafioncd great Pain and Anguith (notwithftanding we wfed
fuch Means as we were advifed was proper for the fame) the
faid left Eye became quite Blind, the Sight thereof being
wholly loft, and without any Hopcs of ever recov¢ring the
fame ; but being by a Friend directed to Mrs. Caterin Ca-
ftle-Court Bircnin-fane, Cornhill, fhe, at firft Sight, promi-
fed under God; to bring, me to my Sight agaih, and did pés-
form the fame in as fhart a Time as could be cxpected 5
and this I doe thdt Perfons in, my late Cotfdition may know
where to apply for Cure, as well as a gratehy} Acknowicdg-
Note, She cures without any Inftrument 5 afid fhe infa'libly

ctires the Agne, without the Jeaft Grain of Cortes, or that -

they call the Jefiits Bark, Price five Shillings the Vial. No
Lettets reccived except Bott paid. nee

Coffee, and hath been much approved on fince tie Adver-,

Kind New Town, having the Misfortune

‘Jeisa_ fate and pleafant Medicine ; t
according to the printed Directions, without rhe leaft Confine- -
-ment; ordanger of catching Cold. . To besa

| _ This Deg is publifhed, ns

** A New TREATISE of LIQUORS; warren te
Ufe and Abul of Wine, Malt-Dilnks, Waters Qc. are par-
ticularly confidcred in mang Diteafes, Conttitntions, and
Ages; with the proper manncr of -ufing them, Hot or Cold, _
either as Phyfick, Diet; er. Bath. Containing plain and ce.
fy Rules for the Prefirvation of Health, ond the Attain-,
ment of Long Life.. ‘The who'e being a fit Determination
oYall that hath lately been pudlif’d on thofe Subjects, tho’
chieilly cantrary to the Opinion of Dr. Chyene, Dr, Roufe,
Dr. Shorr, Mr. Smith, Lowmius, Vander Heyden, Dr. Hane |
cock, and others, ] :
at Scrat:ord-le-Bow. Printed for Charles Rivington at the.”

Bibic and Crown in Sc. Paul's Churen-Yard. Price $s.

Where alfo may b2 had,
Dr. Stiother’s Effay on Si¢kne’s and Lfealth, 24 Edition.

\V H:ticas in ALift’s Weekly Journal, on Saturday the zeoti:
VV oof February 31725, a3-allo in other papers of the fame -
date, and fince, isadvertisd a powder lately Imported, whicn
in every refpect sully anfwers- the ute ot Coftte, and there be-
ing 2 larger demand thin was exuveted, feveral perfous went,

“Without; care will be taken fer the future to prevent the

like, a large parce! being juft arrived execeding tine and good,

“waich may be tafted at tae firft howe on the left hand in Betl-

Savage-¥Yaid on Ludgate Hill up one pairof Szairs, whee
any Quantity may be had at zs. 6d pet pound. N. B. No lef

than one pound.is fold; it will anfwer witnout mixture af-
tifement. 3
Le-ctuarium’ Mirabile: Or, the Admitable FileStuary.

which iniatlibly cures all Degrees and-Symptoms of tna”
Secret Difeale, with more Fafe, Speed and Safety, than any:

Medigine yet publifh’d’s any old Running, &c. thongh of fe->
Years fanding, whether occafiond by an over-ftrain, .
Weaknefs of the Seminals, or the 2 clicts of a fornicr Intecti- ¢

veral

on, iy cértainly cur’d in a thort Time, without a Mintte’s.

Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ufe of Aftringents ; being a.
Meaicine fo wonderfully pleafant and eafy in its Operation,3
that the niceft Palate, or .weakef Conftitution, may take it’

with Deiight: Two Pots are generally ficient to comoleat’
a Cure in matt Cafes... To be hadonly of the Author Dr. Cams:
a Graduate Phyficiin, who has publithed it so Yeurs, .and is

conttantly to he advis‘d with at his Houle at the Golderi RAF

and Lamp, in Bow Chorch-Yard ta Cheapfide, at half a Guinea®

Che Pot. ° |
__ Againt the VENEREAL DISEASE: . -.:
AO stamous_ [tatian BOLUS, has fo great SpecefS in
the Cure of tie Venereal DiGale, that not one of the
great Numbers that daily take it nfs ova perect Cure 3 and
tho’ fo very cheap as 2s. 6d. each, vet four Boluflés never
fail co.fout out and carry off the moit malignant, virulent;
and obftinate kind of the venereal Liftate, withouc Contine-
ment, or making your Cafe known to arty; which, if ic tails

5y JAMES SEDGWICK, Apoticcary — .

~,

todo, the Money if returned. This great Medicine likewite.'

deftreys Mercury, aad carries it one of the: Mods, and therete) |
rclieves thofe warortunate Perlons who have failertinte had?
| .Hands in former Ceres. Ts to be had only ut‘the Flaming." ’:

Sword the Corncr of Ruffei-Strecr, over-againk Will's Coffee-”
Houfe, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Place is Coan-
. . _ < ;

‘mee INCTURA NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordial

. Tinzcure for the Nerves, being an approved, experieneed °

and never-failing Medicament in finking, languifhing, and,
lowne!s of Spirits, Palpitaticn, or Trembling of the Heart, irf
ail pavaltick,, foporofe and convulfive Difempeis, and in all
fA

ittions of the Head and Nerves; icinfallibly prevents the —

bad Effects of Coffce and Tea on the Nerves, which oécafions
in moft People the above-mentioned Diforders | (with:many
more, which you'll fee-ac large in the printed Book of Drrezti-

Cal g

bd 15) bat yet by taking a tew Cropsof this moft pleafant cette ©
cate Cordia!, in the firft Dith of Coffee or Tea, yott may theit-

drink at Liberty ; for this great Medicine penetrates throngh
the whole nevvous Syftem, and f recrnits the Brain and Pre
cordia with a full (ndus of exulting Spirits, which pertorny the

Bufiness of vital Function with freth Alacrity, and new: Brisk=.

nefs; (that the Pulfe, whieh lay feeble and wavefing; new
falls a beating vigoroully, and with great Exactricf 5 more-
over, it wonderfully difperfts Fear, Sadnef&s, confifed Thoughts;

Twitchings of the Legs and Arms difturbed Sleep, and ail the °

difmal Train of Vapours and.Melancholy. It likewife, feopd

Vomiting, puts of Nauftouthef&-procuresa goad Afipétite;

and is now i great Fiteem amongft Quality of the firft Rank. ©

Sold only at G. Straian’s; Rookteler, at the Goklen Rall jn |

Cornhill, over-againf{ the ioyal-Exchange, and at no othér
Place. Price ose 6d. . .

ULAP!UM ASTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Ju-
-| lep; which is knewn by many Yeas Experience to bea ne-

. verfailing Medicine in old obftinate Afthma’s, whofe faff 7
cating. Fit it puts off in 2. Moment; it gives a perfect Relic!
in ftraining laborious Coughs, thac are uumercifully crouble-
fome Night and Morning ; ‘tis a moft exeeflent Remedy for

Shortnets of Breath upen any Motion, and'in Breathing with .

Diffeulty, StraighineS of the Breaft, with Hoarfenels and
Wheczing. Nothing excceds this admirable Jule, for by opert-
ing the Krouchial Duéts and Pneiumonick Paflagss, it pene,
crates in the inmoft Recefles of the Lungs; and. there mecting
with tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Phiegm, fo attenuates,
flivides, moves and worksit, that by cobghing and {pitting if
expectorates atid throws up all fitch matter with: the grcatc

Fate and Pleafire, thereby cleanfing ‘and frecingsthe Breaft

‘and Lungs, when ftuffed up and clogged with a he-vy Load: and .
IWOLCS -
to be taken. by-{poarta's: |

{o prevents Confiumptions, Ulcers or the

Lungs; &c...

Cornhill, and at no other Place.

rice 23. 6 di toe

id. at’ Mr. George ’
* Strahan's at the Golden Ball over againtt the Royal Excharize}
 *~

. SUN FIRE-OFFICE. betes
x7 E whof Names are hereunder mentjon‘d, being Infur’d
by this Office, acknowledge that we have received our
fill Satisfactions for the feveral Lofies we have thereby fu-

ftain’d, viz.
Sarah Franckling Charing-Crofs
‘Thomas Wright ; Ditto _
Thomas Randalland Comp. $$ High Timber-Street
{faac Demeza Whitechapel
ohn Clowdfley Ditto
illiam Wilfon Ditto |
William Walker Brick-Lane, Ditto
Martin Newell, Hermitage
qohn Dayman Bedford-Bury
homas Upton Weft-Smithfield
a a Ha Porla Tile of Dogs
uel Hart ar, Ifle of Dogs:
Gerrard Pittham London Bridge
Baitholomew Hart St. K e's
Chriftopher Johnfon Ditto
Sarah Finlaion " Ditto
Ann Webb Ditto
Ann Crawford Nightingal-Lane
Robert Webber for the Earl | Lincoln’s-Inn-Fields
Bamey Ward Petty-France, Weftminfter
Robert K uftat Newgate-Street
Edward Brown Ditto —
obn. Prankard Aldermanbury
John Sunderland Warwick-Lane
Capt. Will. Ferrour Ditto .
Gabriel Kent Old-Street |
Dorothy ¥Flol:is St. Olave’s-Street
Francis Barbutt’s, Adm. Condnit-Street
Mary Delatonst Little Suffolk-Street
john Collet Suffolk-Street
per Bergman itto
William hingfley Crutchet-Fryers
William Mandeville Coleman-Street
Henry Billingay ington
Prifeilia Siffon “St. Ives
fortholemew Ibbot selve
Elizabeth Hardmeat Ditto Huntingt.
Robert Mitciell Suatery
William Hardy ‘Wimborne
Sarah Miller. Dorchefter
Richard Samwaies Ditta
ohn Watts itto
Francis Kingfton __. Ditto Dorfet.
Robert Browne, Efqs Ditto
2 bomas greete Shaftsbury
ichard Stagg itto
oan Wilfon Biffifter Gxfordth
: ro
Theodofia Bisby Sudbury Suffolk
ohn Merrick Rof . Hereford
Rev. James Edmonds Winflow
ohn Holton Buckinghant
homas Oakley Ditto
fonn Whitaker Ditto
hem Baxter . itto
Jobn Aris _ Ditto
Ann Hartley Ditto
John Watts Ditto A pucks
Charles Blunt Ditto uc
"Thomas Bourne ‘Ditto
George Dancer Ditto
ohn Alibone Ditto
font Stutchbury Ditto
William Cooper Nitto
Mary Baldwyn Ditto
ohn Butterfield Ditto |
{oan Brooker right HeImftone Suffex
John Farmety ewifham Kent
Abraham Miil Ifle of Wight
ames Burnett on Southamp,
Liores Burnett c Itto
MarySwann — autham
Peter Symonds & Rich. Brooks Stamfore | $ Lincotnth.
Sarah Brumby Epwort ;
Mary Trubfhaw Salisbury Wilts
Richard Gibfon Gre. Yarmouth Norfolk
Edmund Sarjant Uxbridge Middlefex
Bena Invernefs N. Britain
Jontter Langwortby Exon Exeter.

Jonn oro Attendance is given at the faid Office, in'Thread.-.
needie-Street, behind rhe r Lo byFIRE
fes, Goods, and Merchandizes, tro DY PANE, many
Part of the Kingdom, at the eafy Rates of 2 s. a Quarter to
the Value of soc. and to the Value of goool. for ss. a
@uarter; the Subferibers being liable to nv farther Contri-
butions nabl TR nefore. leafant, airy Houf
jionable, lightfome, plea ary rioule
Ae tidne Stairs, ‘and. hi h Ceilings, daige Sam-Win-
with Crown-Glafs, in a clea ala or
dows, $182 with Birds breeding and continually har-

with Trees 111 1t; ar the Saracen’s Head Inn in Carter-Lane, |

1 here, ne [
| bo err Bt. Paul's Churcb, London.

.Flefh to grow up tothe Teetha

oval Exchange for Infuring Hou-

LONDON:

ncerning Luhatick or Melancholy Perfons.

A rfon has i’riend or Relation (of the female Sex)
‘A afflitted with Lunacy, may have them treated with the
gteateft Care and Lenity, where there is a large Garden,
ood Air, and a very pleafant Situation, not far from Lon-
on. They are attended by Nurfes or Servants of their own
Sex; no Man-Servants being allow'd of. There is likewife
good Accommodation, at an cafy Rate, for Women-Luna-
ticks or melancholy Perfons, who are deem'd or thought in-
the Asvolden Key near the Penny-Poft

: curable. Enquire at ,
Office in_Chriftopher’s Church-yard, Threadneedie-Street,

near the Royal-Exchange, and know farther.

__JN. B. No. Men Lunaticks are entertained at the fame

Houfe. ,
| To Smell to, &e. ;
T°HE moft Noble Volatile Smelling Bottle in the World;
L which fmelled to, momentarily fetches the moft difmal
fainting or fwooning Hits, and in a Moment renoves Flwh-

ings, Vapows, Dulne ead-ach, Megrims, &c. It takes
oft ai heavy Sleepinefs, retards Swooning, keeps up the
p!

irits to a Miracle, and by its Ufe admits of no Fainting,

- but invigorates and enlivens the whole Man ; recreates, an
‘ makes

earful, a:though never fo fad, and in a Moment
_raifes all the fenfitive Faculties: It is alfo to be taken in-
wardly by Drops, which effectually takes off and eradicates
the very Caufe; for it potently relieves, comforts and
ftrengthens the Brain, creates and corroborates a Stomach,
removes Sicknefs from it, helps Digeftion, c:eanfes the Blood,
and.in a Word, is the greateft Cephalick, Stomatick, He-
werful Aromatick poifible; therefore is ex-

p2tick, and .
‘tream *neceftary for all Gentlémen, Ladies &e. always to
y

be carried in their Pockets. Sold now only at Mr. Mark-
ham’s Toyfhop, at the Seven Stars under St. Dunftan’s
Church, Fleet-ftreet, and at Mr. King's Picture Shop in the
Poultry, at 2s. 6d. each.
The Princely LOTION,
W HICH beautifiesthe Face, Neck, and Hands to the ut-
_ moft Perfection, and is in the greateft Efteem amongtt

Ladies, &c. of the firft Quality: No Words c:n fuliiciently
exprefs its Virtues; for it is not Paint to put a falfe and un-
natural Glofs on the Skin, but a true Remedy, thit by its
Ufe really adds a Luftre to the moft beautiful, by shewin
the fine leaturesof the Face, and beautifying the Neck an
Hands to the greateft Perfection, and is fo fate that it may
be taken inwardly. It intallibly kills Worms in the Face,
takes away Freckles, Spots, Wrinkles, Pits or Marks of the
Small-Pox, andafiuredly cures any Defetts in the Face, giving
a charming, youthful Luftre, and fine Air to the Features, to
Admiration. As for fuich Perfons as are of a fwarthy Com-
p exion, or troubled with any dif. ble Rednefs, Kongh-
nefs, Morphew, Heats, or the like, it is not to oe parallel'd:
For it immediately {mooths, clears, plumps, nourifhes and
whitens the Skin to the laft Degree ; and makes tho’ Per-
fons who before look'd hagged and old, to look young, beau-
tiful and fair; and, in fhoit, it far exceeds any Thing that
was ever yet known, or made publick, for clearing and beau-
tifying the Skin. Is fold only at Mr.Wards Toythop at the
Peacock next the Swan Taverm, againft the Royal Exchange
in Cornhill, at 2s, a Bottle,

N. B. Mr. Ward, by my Order, gives good Allowance to
Country Shopkeepers, 8c. that fend for it by the Dozen (for
ready Money) to fell again: It will keep twice feven Years,
and gives univerfal Satisfaétion.: It is a late acquir'd Secret,
known to none but the Author thereof.
TH pleafant ODORIFEROUS TINCTURE for the

Breath, Teeth and Gums, a few Drops of which inftant-
ly make the moft offenfive Breath fmell incomparably fine and
charming, and in a very fhort Time perfectly cures, fo that a
difa ble Breath will never return ; it certainly makes the
blackeft and moft foul Teeth extremely white, clean and beau-
tiful at once ufing, infallibly preferves them trom decaying,
and thofe a little decayed from growing worft, abfolutely cures
the Seurvy in the Gums, tho’ never fo inveterate, caufing the
ow up in, when almoft eaten quite
away, and infallibly faftens loof¢ Teeth to Admiration. In a
Word, for moft delicately pertwming, and quickly curing an
ill-lcented Breath, for immediately making the blackeft Teeth
moft excellently white, certainly faftening them when loofe,
effectually. preferving them from rotting or decaying, and af-
furedly curing che Scurvy in the Guns, it has not its al in
the World.
the Rofe and Grown aint

‘Yana, near firundel-Street End.
with Direétions.

A new Edition is juft publifhed of,
THE Prattical Scheme of the SECRET

SEASE,-a GLEET, and a Broken
Conftitntion by faft Living, former Cures,
Salivations, Mercury, &e. teaching Perfons.

tocnre themfelves without making their.
Condition known to any one. Dedicated.
- . eae to Dr. Chamberlen,. This nly ufefal:
and inftruétive little Rook is Given Gratis Up One Pair of.
Stairs at the Celebrated Anodyne NECKLACE, Kecom-
mended by Dr. Chamberlen for Children’s Teeth, next to the
Rofe Tavern without Temple-Bar. ‘and ‘at Mr. “Jeremiah
Pain's the Sign of the Bunch of Grapes, the firft Toyfhop on,
Right Hand juft within Pope’s Head-Ally from Cornhill,
right over-againft the Royal-Exchange. Wheére‘are to be ha
the famous Anodyne: NECKLACES for Children's. Tecth
realed up along with the Liquid Cordl t4 make the Gums give:
way for the Teeth to come out withont Pain. Price bath to-
Peneer ss "And the famous Reétoral’ LOZENGES ‘for that
neafinefs at Stomach called the Heagrt-burn, 6d. 2 Paper. |

snow fold only at Mr. Radford’s Toyfhop, at .
t. Clement’s Church-Yard in the -
Price 3s. 6d. a Bottle,.

to underftand Rightly theirown Cafe, and

~*~

uliarly invented for that Dileafe: Its wonderful

Elixir
ciently explodes the erroneous Opinion, that Cog.

Fficacy fi

tho’ reduc’d to a meer Sheleton; quickly takes off:
Symptoms, _ as cor Bh Hearteneb, Wheeling, Se pall the
reath, Pginor Weight in the Br itting of _
- nef of’ ‘the Stomach, Throat or Winidph Rim Cone

>

redly eradicates the firft Principie or Caufeo

rectifyin the Diforders of the Stomach and firft Paffages, crea.
ing an ;

vic:ous Ferment of the Blood and Juices, co the acrid
and intallibly curing alliorts of Confimptio ’
bad, in a very Mort Time, toa Miracle. "Price Seda Boe
tle, with Directions. Is fold galy at tet Radford’s Toyfhop,
at the Rofé and Crown againit St. ’ -
the Strand, near Arundel-Strect Eat rs Church-Yard in

incomparab'e Powder or cleaning the Tee i

T has given rs great Satisfaction to moftof the Nobility wea
Gentry in England, for above thefe 2c Years, notwithftanding
the many Counterteits fince its firft Publication, endeavouring
to imitate this the only true original Powder. So'd only at
Mr. Palmer’s Fanthop, in St. Michael's Church-Porch. Corm-
hill, at Mr. Markham's Toythop at the 7 Stars under Sr. Dun-
ftan’s Church, Fleet-Street, and no where elf@in England. It
at once ufing makes the Teeth as white as Ivory, tho never {>
black or yellow, and effectually preferves them ‘from rotting
or. decaying, continuing them found to exceeding old Age. It
wonderfully cures the Scurvy in the Gums, prevents Rheum er
Defluction, kills Worms at the R oot of the Teeth, and there-
by hinders the Tooth-ach. It ad:nirably faftens Joofe Teeth
being a.neat cleanly Medicine, of a pieafant andgrateful Scent.
Price 1s. the Box. Note, all the Nobility, Gentry, &c. who fend
to Mr. Markham's for the Powder for the Teeth, are defired to
give ftrict Orders not to miftake the Shop, (MARKHAM

at length is under the Seven Stars) becaufe moft of the Toy-
hops in his Neignhbcurhood, fecing Multitudes go to his
Shop for it, have trump‘d up Counterfeits, and ll their S*uf®
in Imitation of our known and approved Powder, in prejudice
to the Publick. N a At the fame Faces are fold the
eltceme alye for ies, Ke. Of a charmin ight
ful Scent. Price 15. each Box. ° ng and delight

_. The Great Reftorative, :
ey all hyfterick Difeafts, whither hypochondriack Melancholy
in Men, or Vapours in Women, however circumftanced, or

to what Degree foever advanced, or of ever fo long ftandin >

by a pleafant compound Medicament, chymically prepar
the choiceft ‘Anti-Hyfericks in the whole Art of Chrmiftre f
This eect having cured Thoutands of Alen and Women

of Melancholy and apours, may be depended on fora pero
Cie ; it ftrikes immediately at the firft Caufe of this Diftem-
per, and entirely deftroys it Root and Branch, rectifying that
vitiated Ferment in the Stomach, which is generally the firt
and chief Caufe, and thereby cures Indigeftion, purifies the
Blood and Spirits, ftrengthens the Brain and Nerves, chears
the whole Frame, ftops Vomiting
fed Thoughts, renioves Fears, Sad
ings of t

the Heart ; and indeed all other the many and varions Symp-
Coms that attend this grievous Diftemper; for take away the
Caufe and the Fffect willceafé. Sold for 4s. 6d. the Bottle

at the Golden Ball on Puddle-Dock-Hill, near Ludgate-Streat,
and no where elfe.

nefs, difturb'd Sleep, Twitch-

HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Comb,.

Inn on Ludgate-Hill, is fold right Fre
7 Hungary Water, being the fame Sort fo

S41] from the pernicious counterteit Sort fold a-

weeeey bout the Town, pretended to be imported
Montpelier, &c, Cikewife the following foreign Com-

modities are fold at the fame Place, viz. . ;

Pottle.
Fine Florence Oil, at 2s. per Flask.
Right Irith Ufquebaugh, at 2s. the Half-pint Bottle..
Fine Orange-Flower Water, at 18 6d. per Flask.
Right Barbadoes Citron Water, at 14s. per Quart.-
All Sorts of Leghorn and Bermuda Hatts for Ladies..

prevent Counterfeits, ;
_A N infallible Cure for the SCURVY in allits moft grievous
; Symptoms ia both Sexes, and in Perfons.of all Ages: and
Conftitutions, by unparallel’d chymical Drops, which puri
the Blood and Juices, rectify and {weeten all the Fluids, cleanfe
them from all Impurities, and per

and every ot filement of the Skin ; certainly removing a

WeaknefS and Inibecility common to many fcorbutick Per-
fons, abfolutely eradicating the Scurvy, and all its attendant
Symptoms in a moft wonderful Manner, entirely deftroying
it Root and Branch, fo as never toreturn-again; and thatina

| very shore:Space of Time, without the leaft Sicknefs, Trouble, .
or Confinement, as Thoufunds kave experienced. Are fold on-- -
Gentlewoman at-the .

iy by the Aluthor's Appointment, byt
& Bottle, with Directions.

Printed ‘by N. AST, in Great-Carter-Lant.

, CONSUMPTIONS of all forts radically cur'd, by a famous.

firmptions are incurable, fince it ablokutely relieves the Patie nt, :

Defluxions of fharp Rheum, and:all phthyfica! and afte oF
Effects, hettic Fever, &e. perfectly cures all internal Uleers*
reftores all inward Weftings, Weaknefs and Decay of Nature. +
being balfamic and ftrengthening beyond Comparifon. It affu>~

Confumptions, 2
ppetite, procuring a good Digeftion, reducing’ the ”
Salts that erode the Lungs, certainly healing Ulcers therein, -

3. 6d. a Bote.

highly °

are fpeedily and infallibly cured, fo as never to return again, -

clears the Head from confix-

€ Arms or Legs, cures Palpitation or Trembling of

AX the HUNGARY WATER WARE. °
ha Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage; .. 7

j feveral Years paft, and is eafily diftinguimmed : me

Right French Hungary Water, at 1s. 3d. the Half-Pine-

N. B. There is a Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Flask, te |

erfectiy clear the whole Ha- .
bit of all Spots, lotches, Surfeits, Itchings, breakings Ours
her De

wo Blué-Pofts in ‘Haydon-Yard in the Minories, at 33, 6d.°

* weuxat ‘te.
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 21 Aug. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786156/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 