“rf the Author of the Weekly Journal.

2 SIR,
SL tip ads

. eee} a Father to be inquifitive afrer the
Welfare of a Son, I made a Journey to Loudow for
chat Purpofe, took me a private. Lodging for a

Week, fent to his Landrefs, and brib’d her to Sc~

crecy :. She told me, that my Son wasone of the
fobereft young Gentlemen in Town ; that he was
conftantly at home all the Morning; that he went
out to Dinner every Day about One a Clock, and
that fhe icldom faw him ‘again till about Eleven
a Clock the next Day. I then-ask’d the old Wo-
man, what Time he rofe in a Morning ? She told
me, that he was of a very fick and puny Confti-
tution, and if he rofe before Eleven he was out
of Order aJl the Day after ; and when he did

not breakfaft at heme, he generally went to a.
neighbouring Coffee-Houfe, near Temple- Bar, and ;
return’d home about twelve a Clock ro drefs him-|

felf for Dinver.

The old Woman, dfter'a fecond Dram,.told.
me, that my Son had feveral Ladies who vifired :
him, but thar I necd not.be any ways uneafy, for:
his great Aunt, a very civil and obliging old.

Lady (who, to be fure, J. very well knew) came:
pretty often, and brought one young Lady or other:

with her. — ,
I did not difcover the leaf Surprize at this,
_ though I well knew. my Sen had not an Aunt in
the World, and muft confefs till then did nor, in
the leaft, fufpect my Son's Chaftity. After havin
ask’'d many more Queftions, I difmifs’d the ol
Woman, ard began to confider’ what Time my

‘Son had for his Studies, and what Method [

fhould ‘take, in oider to make further Difco-
veries. - I-immediately went to .an. old Acquain-
‘tance of mine, a Hatter and Tobacconift, the
next Door te the Cotfec-Houfe my Son frequents.

I ‘tald him my Bufinefs,; and, knowing he fre-

quently. went to his Neighbour’s to fmoak a Pipe
of his. own Commodity, I defir’d he would give

me fome Account of my Son's intimate Friends:
_and Cronies, who us‘d that Houfe. I perceiv'd:
the old Gentleman at a Stand, and therefore a-
gain -renew'd my Reéquéfts: He told me, thar’

‘mnoft of thofe pretty Gentlemen were, his Cuito-
mers for Hats and Pigg-Tail, and that *twould: be
fungenerous-in him to cenfure their Condué, to
‘whom he was fo much obliged : Bur,. however,
" tafter he had digefted a Whiff of his belt Virginia,
. he took'me by the Hand, and told me, thar he
~yalued 'my Friendfhip more than his own. privace
‘Inrereft, and therefore would do his Endeavour

to gratify me ; but if he was not very particular,

_be hop'd I would-excufe hirm, for ‘twas a very dif-
ficult
A&ions could nor be accounted for. He told me,
that the young Fellows there divided themfelves
‘into feyeral ‘Setts or Clans ; that my Son. was of

the moft numerous Claz that met-at that Cotlee-
‘Houle; that about One a Cluck at Noon a large
Body of them procecded, with Jarge bufhy Pe-
yukes, and powder’d .Shoulders, to demolifh a

Piece of powder’d Beef; that in sabour two

SATURDAY,

Have.a Son that I bred up at the
Univerfity, and about a Twelve-:
month ago took him Chanibers,’
and enter’d him in one ofthe Inns.
of Court; and, as tis natural for

‘Blockhead,
him. .

atter to give an. Account of Perfons whofe |

rt

“SMe Te tp Bp fs ;

we . ‘an PO
. - ; o ca ry a” we Sn a ‘ s oy Me OF 8 RO rtm Le “4 - oa ., ~ a, ve . yee _ | ae ; +t | ot

TE

NovEMBER

‘Hours after they‘ return’d back to the Coffec-

Houfe, and retir’d up Stairs in a Body, to pafs

away a dull Hour or two at Cards; from thence
they wentto the Play,- and after thur to the Ta-

'vern. He told me there were Several Wits among
this Seit of Gentlemen, who crack ‘Puns, and
exprefs themfelvés in-a néw.and eloquent Way ;

as for Inftance, fays the old Man, onc of chefe | *
‘him for a Pound

wortliy Gentlemen came to my Shop, and defir’d

me to .mundify bis Nabb.. I told him { did not.
‘Underftand Latin, and therefore defie’d that he
would exprefs himfelf in more intelligible Terms ; !

upon which, with a witty Snear, he ask’d my
Pardon, and defir’d ime to bruofhi his Hat. I am

inform'd this, and fuch like Wit, flows amongtt .

them; and that thofe who are deficient that
‘Way, do fupply the Defe& by fending for their
Wigs from Paris. “There is, continu’d

taken indefatigible Pains in writing a couple of
Plays, that the Players have reje&ed, not having
good Tafte cnough to relifh them, which, I am
afraid, to the inexpreffible Lofs of the Publick,
‘will moulder in Obtcurity.. There is another

Sett, continu’d my Friend, whofe Heads are al-

ways full of Crotchets and Mufick, and do not
give themfclves Leave to think of any Thing elfe.
I asked one of them, the other Day, how he
liked his laft néw Hat 2? Upon which he ftar’d me
full in tne Face, fhruge’d up his Shoulders, and

with a fedate, compos’d Countenance, fung.me

an Ajr of Scignior Senjfen’, which I conftrucd asa

Sign of bis Approbation, made my Leg
my other Cuftomer before, fhould take me fur a
and think that I did not underftand

_ My Friend told me of three or four Do&tors of
Phyfick who frequently came there, and that he
believed they met with very pretty Encourage-
ment in their Profeffions amongft the your 2 Fel-

lows there; ‘and that he had the Honour of an,
Acquaintance with one of thefe learned Gentle-:}
men, who told him in the publick Coffee-Houfe,

that a Phyfician who is efteemed the greateft Man
of his Profeffion, underftood little or nothing of
Phyfick ; thathe, tho’a young Man, had found
out a quite different Method of treating all man-
ner of Diftempers which no Man underftood but
himfelf; and my Friend told me, that his Jidg-

ment and Skillin Mufick, and every other Branch
of the Marhematicks was.as extenfive as his Know- °
ledge in this particular Profeffion, that his great’
Modefty was his Misfortune, which Madefty like |
a Bufhel over a Candle, concealed the Bright--

nefs of his.Parts; but however, norwithftanding
the Dottor's great. Modefty, a Friend of his, and
the Son of a late worthy Prelate, .a Barrifter at

Law, who at all times is ready to affert, that the

Doftor.is one of the greateft-Men the World. ever
produced, is his chief Admirer; however, it muft
be owned, or at leaft fome People fay, _ both the
Doftox and his learned Difciple. have fome very
odd Notion of Things, and feldom ftick -at con-
tradidting the Opinions of the greateft Authors in

all Arts and Sciences (Sir Ifaac. Newson not .ex-

cepted) from whence’ and from. the Gravity of
their Aipe&ts fome People imagine they have
aD

wherein ‘we may probably fee thofe two vu;
Errors exploded,_viz. that Fire burns, or that He-

s
.. . ’ . . 4 , . er
"e ! . . wey Le en

gitude.

e, a little, .
{mart, dapper Gentleman of that Clan, who has

‘tired as faft I conveniently could, leaft he, like

-dy’d a natural Death, for neither the

King Auguftus,

of giving us a new Syftem of pea Bh |

J
ame 4

s . e.” -
. “ -
- oe * - ;
. ts , ’ . - “6
: vs a . * ‘ ‘4 3 +.
 [Nums. 3f.]
bd * +"
so * rn, oe.
° - . - * a ad -
i . ' .
. @ forty -
+ a .
_

:s~ aVaer. - . 4 * nr,
- te att a . . a? Ze a

tev is @ Liquid, and other Things above his Capa-
city: ~ He told meof another Gentleman who had
left offthe Pra@ice of the Law and turned his
Ctice of Chances, ahd that he verily believed hat.
Gentleman weuld iufallibly difcover she Lon-

toa full Stop pald

When my Friend came
his .Saffr

on Cuts arid todk
my Leave full of Onreafinefs for my Son's Indiferé~
tion in keeping Company. with fuch: unprofitable
Companions, to which I intend {peedily to. puran
End, and beg the Favour of you to inform me of
the moft prudent Way co effe& the fame, =

Dear Sir,- Chelfea' Colledge, May 25
i} your Profperity, you have vouchfafed toa >

ad

‘Brain to the Mathematicks to the Study and Pra- —

mit of my Correfpondence,’ I.hope you won't ”

now reje&t ir: I am Mill in State quo, the Col-
ledge Sexton. -

I read laft Weck in the News, that one grear
new Lord had bought another great old Lord’s
Seat in Swrrey near Richmond. Town ‘tisa Paras
graph of important News. 1 beg you'd be fa
good in your next, to infert a picce equally cons
fequential. FO

0b Clifton at the Dunghil in Xing-Sereet Weft.
minfter, has purchafed the ‘Trooper on Horfe-baek
in cheifea near the Colledge: Strange Revolutie
ons! poor Thriin-Cap the old defun& Landlord,
was an honeft good Chriftian, he had much Faith,
Seldame comes a better, poor Thrant! TY. dug a Grave
for poor Stump who was difinember'd’ at the Siege
of Donay, your old Friend, a Friday laft; poor
Man, he never held up his Head fince the ad-
ditional Half-penny Stamp Duty was fer- upon
your Journal, we uled to joyn our three Farthings
apicce forit, but now he is no more ! poor Stump
Surgeon, nor Apothecary came near him during
his Ilinefs. The Bell rings, to Small-boer :
Mutton ; fo Ibid you heartily ‘farewel, ——

FOREIGN AFFATRS,:

We are advifed from Paris that King Staniflaug.
lately difcovered a fecret Correfpondence which
his Secretary has long‘held with Count Flemitig,
General of King Auguftus, who is now in Poffelies
on of a great Part of his Eftate in Poland, which
has been granted ta the faid Counc Fleming, bj
and tho’ he might have punith’d

him according to the Nature of ‘his Offence, yet .

according to his ufual Benevolence of Temper,

he was contenr with difmiffing him, without ma-—

king him fo much as a Reproach._— — [t ig
now {aid that this Prince will fhortly remove
from theCaftle of Chambor, and refide fome«
where nearer the French Court, fome fay St. Gera
mains en Lay will be the Place, others talk ir
will be Mendon, an ancient Palace of the Kinga
of France, within three or four Leagues of Paris:
This cecafions.fome Speculation, for fome are of
Opinion, that his living fo near the Court will
have fome Influence un poblick Affairs, at leat
thofe who axe not well Withers to a certain
Prince, ure induftrions in making the World be-
lieve fo. | oo

They write from Rome,.that the Pope going
in his Coach thro” a certain Quarter of the City,
was furroupded by a Multitude of People, who

~
 5

threw feverpl Papers into his Coach in ‘a tumul- ,

- uous Magner: The Subfiance of: thefe Papers
“was a kind of ‘Petitiot; or Appeal te hint for Ju-
ftice, fince they could not ohtain it-from his Se-
‘eretary, Hie {poke to-theni gently, and they dif
perfed,: yer that..Night feveral of them were

 feiz’d, :to.the Number of about 25 ; they {cem'd .|

_much frighten’d, bue they only received a Re-
. primand in Words, and were difmifs’d to go a-
bont their Bufinefs. ns
__.. We hear from Vienna, that a Minifter is fent
to the Court of 'T'ufcany, in order to induce the
: Grand Duke to eome into .the Treaty of Vienna ;
and confidering the Situation of that Prince's Do-
_minions, it is thought he will think himfelf obli-
ged to comply through Interef, if not through
Inclination. CS
From Bruffels we learn, that Mr. John Lawes,
who arrived:in that City from Aix la Chapelle
fome Time fince, begins now to deal there (not
in. Stocks) :but at Baffer and Pharo, having be-
_gun to - keep Bank.at Court ;: and tho’ thefe are
Hot look’d upon to be fuch advantageous Games
‘for'a cunning Man, as the other, yet his Bank
may laft longer than his others at Paris. ,
_ Dublin, Nov. 16. On the sch. Inftant a Duel was
“fought at Lucas’s Coffee-Houfe in this City, be-
tween Captain Jones and Mr. Nugent, wherein
the larter was kill’d on the Spot; upon which,
the other abfconds, A Day or two ago a Que-
ftion was carry'd in the Houfe of Commons, 114
; againft 105, at which thofe who call themfclves
the Country Party very much rejayce.
_ Dublin, Nov. 20. "Phe Houfe of Commons
order’d a Committee to examine Captain Prart
and Mr.Wm. Burgh together, in the moft fo-
Jemn Manner touching an Article of 500]. And
‘glfo to examine the Perfons who
Jick A&s laid- before the Houfe. _ |
Edinburgh, Nov. 18. At a general Meeting of
the Royal Fifhery Company, on Tuefday laft it

was agreed: to diffolve the Copartnerfhip, fell .

‘their Effe&ts, and divide the Cath. Yefterday the
Exrl of [la fer out for London. |

have j

o- . re
-* sr &
.

figned any pub- |

Tork, Nov, 19. Laft Friday a Grocer’s Shopin |
_Coney-Street was broke open, and a great Quan- |

‘tity of Goods carricd clear off. ——-— Next Day
threc Gentlemen, having made themfelves pretry -

‘merry ata Tavern, went,ina Frolick, to the
Bagnio,.and took along with them two Boys, Scr-
- ¥ants at the Tavern, (one of which. was Dumb)
‘whom they oblig’d to undergo the Procefs of the
-Bagnio, viz Sweating, Bathing, Shaving their
‘Heads, and clapping half a dozen Cupping: Glaf-
{es upon each cf their A——s ; and after taking
a Quantity of Blood from them, and highly di-
verting thewfelves with the Grimaces of the poor
Lads, they. fuffor'd ‘em to go, giving cach of
‘them a fmall Trifle of Money. /
From Sr. Alban’s, that a Boy was brought into
‘the Goal there on Friday Jaft, from Barnet,
“where he had broke open a Shop a Night or two
‘before,, ftole fome Goods, not’ forgetting the Mo-
‘ney-Drawer :It f{eems, tho’ fo yo u 9 10 is not
‘the firft Fa@ of this Kind he has been guilty of,
‘and therefore, it is believ’d, Caré will be taken
‘thar it may be the laff. a
Caln, in Weltfbive, Nov, 30. We have had a pro-
digious Quantity of Rain in thefe Parts, which
‘has done a great Deal of Damage. On Monday
laft rhe Watters rofe here fo fuddonly, and fo high,
that they juftly alaramed the whole Town ; 2 great
many Goods were fpoil’d, the Amount of which
“can’t yet be known. Two Men were.drowned in
the very Street, in Sight . ,
who could give them no Affiftance ; one of them
‘is much regretted, he has left a Wife and nine
Children almoft all unprovided for. He was loft

of all their Neighbours, J°

ct "he ob s

‘in going tohelp his Neighbour: -A-Cask of Oil,
weighing eleven 'Huudred Weight, was alfo car-
ried away
“not been

inthefe Parts. a .
From Droitwich in Worcefterfoive,."That'a new and
furprizing Salt Spring was lately dug there, after

anew Manner ; itis 8 Foot broad and 200 deep,
full of Brineto the Top, and running over ; it.
‘came in fo faft at firft, that two Men digging in

it were very near being drowned before they
could get out. | , Oo
' . Berwick, Nov. 19. This Day General Wade ar-
rived here from’ Edinburgh, and ‘will ftay a Day
‘or two to view Colonel Clayton’s Regimient ; af-
ter which he'will proceed on his journey for
London.

_ Derby, Nov. 24. Laft Thurfday the Appearance

at our Affembly was very magnificent ;\ the Earl

and Countefs of Excter were very richly drefs’d,
and there were above 1oo Ladies and Gentlemen

‘of the beft Fafhion of this Country.

a From Oxford, That there was one Night laft
Week a Difturbance at an Inn where the Stage
Coaches put up, occafion’d by a fat Country
‘Widow, having taken her Nephew, as fhe call’d
him, to her embraces, a Wapping Gentlewo-
man being in Bed with her, and another lying
in the fame Room ; the Company being to part
in the Morning the Quarrel was foon at an End,
ut the Story will be told for fome Time without
ceafing, = OO |

LONDON November 23.

Laft Week the Gentlemen of the Committee of
St. Paul’s ‘Covent-Garden agreed with Mr. Jor-
dan, the Organ-Builder, for a large Organ to be
erefted in their Parith Church.

_ “We hear the Town will fhortly be entertain‘d
‘with ‘a néw Comedy at Lincoln’s-Inn-Fields Thea-

‘tre, and a new Tragedy at that in Drury Lane.

We are inform’d, that the
gave his Creditors the Slip, and has been rakon
in France, drefs'd in a profane long Wig, lac’d
‘Coat atid Sword, not only chang’d his Name, but
the better to difguife himfelf, drinks, {wears and
‘games likea Drury-Lane Captain ; neverthelefs
‘he is known by feveral of his Countrymen.

_ We have been importun’d to’ infere the fol-
lowing Rebus, for what Reafon I can’t tell.

the Grab oth’ Wood is Sauce very good,
.For the. Crab of .the foaming Sea ;
And the Wood of a Crab is Sane, for a Drab,
:. » That.aill not ber Husband obey.

“: “Laft Week dy’d, near Cranburn Chace in Wilt-
fhire, an old Sophifter, one Williams, aged near
‘Yoo Years ; he was Steward to the cunning Earl
of Shaftsbury about threefcore Years ago.

On Monday, being: St. Cecilia’s:Day, the fame
was celebrated in an extraordinary Manner, in

the Cathedral of Salisbury, where was a fine
“Confort ‘of ‘Mufick. : oe

We hear ‘from Laneafter, that Tho. Sherfon,
‘Efq; one of the oldeft Juiftices in England, aged
near 160, Is lately dead. . * a ,

The Dukes of Rutland and Kingfton are ex-
pected in Town next Week. |

e -

' This Week 49 Felons went on board to be tran- |
-{ported, and feveral who had broke out of New- .

‘gaté’ate retaken, ‘ notwithftanding ‘a great many
“Robberies ate committed ‘in and ‘about this City.

The’ Rev. Mr. Stanley :
‘vant in Suffex, is chofe ‘Minifter of Liverpool:

“\ “‘Mifs Craven, Who we merition'd “in out Iaft to.

have dy’d the Sunday before, at Tylncy-Hall in

by the For‘ce'of the Warer, and has
found fince. - We ‘hear alfo from {eve-.
raltother Places’ round: us; of ‘a: great deal - of -
Mifchief done by the Floods,. which have been
larger than ever was known by the oldeft Perfon

-Gravefend, to be tranfported.

‘livered of a Son on Thurfday. |

Quaker who lately |
n

vat his Seat in Ireland. =

—

Hampfhire; was carry'd. i@to Warwickfhire, and
interr’d in the Burying-Place of the Family on

Monday. laft.--  ~- - an
A Son. of the Duke-of Grafton dy'’d lait Sa--

turday of a Mortification,.and is carried into Saf-
folk to be interr’d. | i,

On Thurfday a Fellow was committed to Maid-
ftone Goal, for ftealing the Mare advertis’d in.
our laft: Alfoa Man for ftealing Hogs, and 3”
Men and a Woman were convey’d thence te

Her Grace the Durchefs of Mountague was de-’

The fante Day was held a Counci
and a Board at the Treafury. |
 Boffon in New-England, Ott.

14, The ‘General’

-Affembly of this Province is prorogued to the 3d.
of Nov. next.——An Indian Hoftage and 4 Captives’

have made their Efcapes in Englifli Cloaths ; but

great fearch is making after them.—— By twe Ships’
lately arrived at Ferryland, we have Advice chat.
a Pyrate Sloop, on the Banks, had taken 13 Sail’
of French and Englifh Fifhing Ships in one Day,’
and ufed the Men very barbaroufly. They cut.
away the Mafts of one of the French Ships, . and
plunder’d her of every Thing of Value. They

wounded the Mafter in feveral Places, and then
left the Veffel driving at Sea; but it was hap-
pily met by the foremention’d Ships,- who fup*

ply’d her with what Neceflaries and Proviftons

they could fpare, which could not be mich.
from Bankers,—————— Captain Freeman, in »
Sloop from Rhode-Ifland, gives an Account, that
a Pyrare Sloop of 22 Guns was cruifing off of the

Ifland of St. Peter’s, and had taken a Scooner be- ~

longing to Rhode-Ifland. We-hope his Majefty’s
Ship the Ludlow-Caftle, that fail’d from hence
not long ago, will bring us a good Account of
them. . .

Ou Thurfday one Huntridge, an Innkeeper near
Kingfton in Surrey, was try’d at the King’s-
Bench Bar, Weftminfter, on the Waltham-Black-
A&, for being confederate with Deer-ftealers,
and acquitted. -

The fame Day Sir Chartes Wager, one of the
Lords Commiffioners of the Admiralty, went with .
the Morocco Ambaffador, to fee the two Meno
War that were launch’d at Woolwich. "' —-

Deaths and Cafualties. John Lightfoot, Efq;
Merchant. —John Cleeve, Efg; Soapboiler. —

“Mr. Clifford Millart, Clerk in the Excife-Offtce._

Mr. Fowler, a great Oil-Merchant, worth 400001.
The Reli& of Sir George Newland—and
Mr. Hughes, Mafter Bricklayer to the King’s
Works; allin Town. Lord Vifcount Loftus
The Wharton from
Virginia for Glafgow, loft near Youghall in
Treland. | }

To Morrow the Rev. Mr. Henly preaches the Evening’

LefFure at St. Mary Abchurch, in Abchurch-Lane, nea¥
| N. B. The faid Mr. Henley is made’,

Cannon Street.
Choice on to be one of the conftant Preachers at the faid
Lecture,

To Morrow tavo Chavity Sermons will be preached a¥

_ $b. Andrew's Church in Holborn ; that in the. Morning

by the Bifbop of London, and in the Afternoon by the Rev.
Mr. Wheatly, Lettuver of Shoreditch. co

1% Morrow likeqwife there wih be. tavo Charity Ser~

mont preached at the united Pavifs Church of St. An-
drew Wardrobe and St. Anne Black-Fryars; that in the

“M ning by the Rev. Dr. Finly, Re&or of Chrift-Church
_in Survey, and that.in the Afternoon by the Red. Mr.
“Roper, Rector of St. Nickolas Coleabby: :

To Morrow alfo there qwill be tao Sremons preached

at the Parifo Church: of St.- Mildved Poultry, for the

Benefit of 50 poor Boys belonging to the Parif) of St.

Giles Cripplecate, Without, Middlefex ; that’ in the

Morning by the Rev. Mr. Rumney, Vicar of St Alban’s,

al

 >.

avid ‘Leftuver of St. Giles- Cripplegate ,
Afternoon by.the Reverend Mr. Burges... 7
NAB. We have receiu'd feveral Letters from our Cor-
_gefpondents, which we.muft take fame other Cpp-rtunity
of anfwering, a
‘South-Sea Stock 1s 126 3 gths. Bank i311
ath. India 165. Africdn16 1 half:

_-ADVERTISEMENTS.
HE: Powder which has met with fiich a general Appro-
ng bation from Mulritudes of People,.anfvering in all.
Refpects tully the Ute of Coffee, having hada very large
Demand, the Quantity then imperted not being fufficient
to anfwer the great Call, fo that many Cuftomers could not
é ‘fupdlied, Care is taken that none for the future be
difappointed, a large Parcel being juft arrived excceding
fige, and right flavoured ; to be had at the firit Foufe on
theleft “Haddin Beil. Savege-Yard on Ludgate-Hill, made
up in quarter; half, or whole Pounds, at 2s. 6d. per Pound.
Its Quality is extraordinary, and needs no Mixture, being
drank’entire, and avproved by the moft judicious: Le adds
to the beft, and makes that which has loft its Flavour per-

fectly frefh. oo, ,
oe A Gentleman wants, viz.
* Houfe un*urnish’d, fora fmall Family, with an Orchard-
Gorden, about to or 29 Miles,of London, in Middlefex
or Surry; Pranofals to be left for Mr. C, L. at Peele’s Cot-
fee-Houie in Fleet-Street. | ;
_ . November 10, 1725.

ROPOSALS for printing by Subripcion fixteen Prints

* of Shipping in CHLAKO OSCU O, ifter the original
Paintings of that celebrated Mafter William Vanderv ‘ld
By E. KIRKALL. This W ric will confit of Storms, Calms,
Gales, Shipwrecks, Sea-Fighis, M:on-Lights, S2a-Ports, &c.
Colletted trom the Clofets of the Cutious: Fach Piate will
be 18 Inches by 13, fit for Frames ani Glafits,

The good Succef$ the Author his met with in his former
Work of Hiftory, has enc.ur7g’d him to preceed, at the Ke-
gueft o° many Gentlemen, Puinters, and Lovers of Art,

The Subfcription 1s t:vo Guineas, viz. one Guine2 down,
and haifa Guinea more whe: eight of the Piints are ‘deli-
vér’d, which will be in February next ; the other half Gu'-
néa when the whoic is d:livered, which will he by Midfium-
mer next. There are f:veral already done, and may be feen
at the Author's in Wine-Office Coit, Vieet-Stree., and at
the following Places, where Sulicrin’ions are taken in, viz.
Mr. King’s acthe Globe in the Poultrey; My. Glafss un-
der the Koyal-Exchange ; Mr. Wildey’s Toy-Shoo the Cor-
rier of St. Paui's Church-Yard; Mr. Ph:!. Overton's and Mr.
Tho.. Taylor's Print-Shovs in Fleet-Street; Mr. Regnier's
in Wewport-Street the End of Long-Acre; Mr. Hulten’s
the Corner of Pall-Mall-; Mr. Fletcher Bookfeller in Ox-
ford 3 Mr. Ben. Cole Engraver in Rear-Lane, Ox‘ords; Mr.
Thurlbourne and Mr. Crowntield Bookfellers in Cambridge ;
Mr. Chaife Bookfeller in Norwich.

THE Genticmen appointed to obtain a brtrer Scenrity
for the ANNUITANTS of the YORK BUILDINGS
COMPANY, do hereby give Notice, that the fud Company
haye (in Juftice t. their Annuitants) executed a Deed un-
.de¥ their Gommon Seal, wher by they have charg'd their real
Eftttes with the Payment of the f:veral Annuities granted
to all fech Perfons who fhall become Parties therete. There-
fore ALL SUCH ANNUTFANTS as are wl ing to have
the Benefit of the faid Deed, are defired for hwith to come
and execute the fame at Mr. Gvorge Greene's Chambers in
Staple’s-Inn in Holborn.

STOLEN of ftray’d ont of the Grounds of Mr. Marfton,

w near Woodford-Bridge in Fffex, 01 the sth of laft March,

a fat Weather; andon the x8th of this Inftant, Novembcr,

was likewife ftole or ftray'da large brended Heifer, thick,
orthorn’d, and mark’d with a Pitch Mark E.M. on the

y; likewife 2 black Welth Cow, with a white Bag, maik d

€ M- on the Horn, and a Pitch Mark FE. M. on the Bo'y.
ftray’d any Perfon br nging ‘em to Mr. Marfton atorcfaid,
fhalj be fatisty‘d tor their Trouble; but if ftole, upon a Dit-
covery of the Perfon or Perfons, fha!l receive four Guineas

Reward, or in Proportion for ar. -.

W. Rayner, Surgeon, living at wee B'ue Pofts in Prefton’s-
Yard, the lower end of the Minories, the Name Raynerand
golden Ball hanging over the Gate, near Little Tower Hill.
-FAth a fpeedy and fafe Cure for the Pox or Clap, with all

its various Symptoms, by h's famous chymical Drink,
being pleafant in Tufte, yet effectualin curing that dangerous

Pifeafe, which has been che Ruin of Hundreds by falling into

‘anskilful Hands. I cure (undér God) the moft inveterate Pox,

in 3 Weeks at farthelft, as Viccrs in the Throat, loft Palate,

finking in the Nofe, Phymofis, Paraphymofis, Shankers, pocky

Warts, Buboss, orfwelling inany Parr. If your Body be full

of Ulcers ant Scabs, inatew DaysI remove allthof hetero- -

“genousParticles, taking away ali Pains inthe Head, Shoulders
and fhin Bones, fothat this faltubrious Liquor reftorcsthe Body
to ect Health. They that have made Tryal of it wonder
at the Cures it performs. Thoft wiio have newly got a Clap,
may entirely depend on a Cure, by tet ing two or three Dofes
of my venereal Pillsor Paluffts, without Hindrance of Bu-
finefS, or it being known to the neareft Relation or Red-

‘fellow, I fhall not ufe many Invitations, but rather leave
you to make Experience, which js-beyond all Argument. In
a Word, let your Condition be never fo bad, diftruft not, for
I promife very fair, no Cure no Money. 1 doany thing in
Surgery. My Pills and Boluffes are ufefitl for Sea or Land,
which I have alwway- ready by me. Note, There's aLight at
my Door in an Evening.

,

and that in the

‘Vik the Béncht oF thafé who ateaffidted with the b2 OPSY.
A Ugut 2; 1725, about 3 Years pat Gith
the Advettifements of the many and great Cures ot the,
DROPS Y periorm'd by Mrs. ANELL. of Middle-Streer,
Cloath-Fair, near Weftfmittifield ; the .Gentleman enquir,¢
of feveral whom the had cur’d, and found the fame fo be rrye;
he having thé ft Diftemper, apply’d to her, ‘and. the, 1-.
der Gol, made ga wonderful Cris¢.on him in alittle Time, En-
ire at the Horfe-Ferry,.in Great Chelfea, 4f Mr. JO

UILFO-D, and you may befatisfy'd othe Trithhereol . ~

The two tollowing remarkah'e Cures were alfo very, lately
perform’d by thefuid Mrs. KNELL, viz. -

{. Thomas Barron, Silk-Dyer, of Black Swan-Alley, near’
Queen-Hithe, Thames-Street, who, after a gréat E.xperice in
trying other - emedies,tono Purpofe, received aperfe“t Cure.

IL. John Stokes, of Lamb-Lanc, in Church-Street, Green-
wich, recommended by a Petfon ofthe fame Town, who was
cur'd by the fait excellent. Remedy which is te be had only
at the Place aforefaid. — N. B. The .dan eros Condition
thefe two Perfons were in,-they and feveral of their Neigh-
bours are ready to atreft. , an

Rs. Lucy Rathborne, commonly called Lady Whalley,
having declared in her Life time, that the had mide her
Will, which cannot be found to-be in her own Pofleiion at
the time of her Deceafe. This is therefore to defire of any
Perfon with whom fhe may have entrufted it, to be fo govt
as to caufe the fame to be fent to Mr. Burton's in Bedfor.l-

Street, Covent-Garden ; that the Intent thereof may be
fulfilled.

QO Tuefday the 3sth of November, Inftant, about -Ficven
‘7 in the Morning, at che White Swan at byari's Water-
tng, wil be there thot for, a Hat of a Guinea Prize; every
Man paying one Shilling for a Shoot.

Ai Tho. RKawlinfon’s newr Whitechinvel-Pa‘s, and at Al-
. Jen Cowner's, ac the Sign of the Tailow-Chan iler a-
gainit Whitechappel Church, is fold the belt Tallow-CanJles,
not inferior to any, at¢s. 2d. per Dozen.

N. B. For ready Money, and fine mould Candles may be
had at the fine Piae:s,

I. OST (fupnos’d to he dropt in a Hackney Coach that

-» Cirried a Fare from Lambeth-Hill to Caftle-Street_ near
Drury-Lane) 1 Silver Day of the Month Watch, mark’d on
the infide Cafe I B 9:6. BARUGH Make. Whoever b:ings
the faid Watch to Mr. Griffith Hughes at the Georges in tit
{aid Caftle-Streec, thill have a Guinea Reward, ami no “ue-
ftians ask’d. NB. Ifthe fuid Watch fhouid be offer'd to be
fo.d, pa‘yn'd, or mended, pray ftop it.

ROOKS latcly printed for William and John Innys .at the
Weft End ar St. Prul’s. .
*,* I. A moral Prouf the Certainty of a future State,

Bya, .

II. The Principles of Deifm truly reprefented, and fet in a
clear Light In two Dialognes between a Sceptick and a
Deift. ‘The firft concerning the Chriftian Revelation ; the
fzeon i eoncerni ig aatural Religion. The ad Edit. 8vo.

II. Bithop Gaftreil’s Chritian Inftitutes ; or, The fincere
Word of Gad. The ath Edit. r2mo. |

IV. ————Sermons at Boyle's Lecture:, on the Certa‘n-
ty_und Nee-ffity of “ eligion‘in general. Tho 2d Edit. 8vo.

V. The Bifhop of Chefter’s Cafe, with Relation to the
Wardenthiv of Manchefter.

This Day is pnblith'd, the 2d Edition, of

*," The MISERIES and great HARDSHIPS of the
Inferior CLERGY, in ani about London; and a modeft
Plea for their Rights and better Ufage. Ina Letter to the
Right Reverend Father in God, John, late. Lord Bithoo of
Lonton. By a Clergyman of the Churc; of England. Prin-
tel for John Clarke at the Golden Ball in Duck-Lane. Price
two Shillings. 7 ;

Where may be had, the 221 Erlition, with Additions, of

A Choice Manual: Or, rare and feleét Secrets in Phyfick
and Chirurgery. Colleste! and prattifed by the Rt. Hon.
the Countefs of'-Kent, lately deco>fet. Whereto are alde},
Several Experiments of the Virtues of Gafoon-Powder, ant
Lapis Contra Yarvam ; by a Profeflor of Phyfick. As alfo
moft cequifite Ways of Preferving, Conferving, Cancy-
ing, &c. ,

This Day is punblifhed from .original Manufcripts, &c, ador-

ned with Cuts, ;
** A_new ColleStion of Poems, written by Mr. Prior,
&e. 1, The Turtle andthe Sparrew, 2, Downhall. 3. Co-
lin’s Miftuke. 4. The Converfation, aTaic3 with feveral
other Picess. AlfO Mr. Dryden's Hind and Panther tranf-
vers'd ta the Story of the City Moufe and Country Monte.
Written jointly by Mr. Prior and the late Eart of Halli-
fax. To which are prefix'd, Memoirs of Mr. Prior's Life,
a.truc_ Cony of his laft Will and Teftament, drawn up by
himfelf. The fnfcrivtion on his Monument; and St#nzas on
his Death. Printed in a neat Pocket Voluine (to match his
former Poems) for Tho. Osborne in Grays-Inns near the
Walks. Price zs. 6d. Where may be had the <d Fdition
efa {hort Way to know the World; or, the Rudiments of
Geogravhy. Price 2s. and Chamberlain's Prefent State of
Great Britain, juft publithed.

NwoW arrived from_Germany, Nov, 22, 1776, 9 large Par-
IN cel of very fine Canary Birds, as Janguils, Mottels, Afh
Colours and Grays, now fold by Andrew Mims an4 Jacob Per
perly, at the Bell.and Biyd-Cage in Wonrd-Street, at the
Corner of Silver-Street. - Whereas there are fol! very fine
finging Nightingales, with very tine Birds bred from a Gal l-
finch ant Canary Bird; and alfo very fine Englith Bir's of
all Sorts, and a large Parcel of very fine My Seel lately
come over; and very good Bir} Seal of all Sorts, to be fold,
at the abovefaid Place. :

a Gentleman ¥taditz.in’ f

- Difeafes in which they are proper ;. as. alfo. of the

. ¢

t eet. Mays "4 ig . *! aro bad Si
-s 1  fuftpublifheds the fixth Edition of, °°, "7.
gh An ELOY HEALTH and LONG LIEF; by
Geotge Chéyne,;-M. D, and-F..R,§. _ Prihted for .@. ; tra
han at the Golden-Ball, over-againf the. Royal-Excharige in

Cornhill, and J. Leeke, Bookfesler at the Bath. Prices $. -
_ (oS Where ma adj te a
I. An Effiy of the true Nature and due’ Method of trez-
ting the Gout; together with an Account of the Nature and.
Quatlry.of Bath Waters; the Mariner of ufing them, and the
and Cure of moft.chronical Diftempers, not publifhed Before;
the sth Edition revifed. 7 - eg. oo.
II. A new Theory of actite and flow-continued Fevers,’

wherein befides the Appearances of’ fiich, and the Manner af

_ their Gure occafionally, the Strudétiire of the -Glands, and the:

Manner and Laws of Secretion, the Operation of purgative)-
vomitive and mercurial Medicines, are ‘mechanically: ex
provements of the dicine.”” The 3d Edition,
with many Additions. -_ ee
' Til. The plitlofophical Principles of Religion, mturaLand
revealed, in two Parts: Tke firlt containing the Elcmente-af
natural Philofophy, and the Pro@s ‘of narural Religian. “The.
fecond Part, containing the-Nature. of Infinity. Tegerher
with the philofophick Principles of révea ed: Religion: - ALL
by the fame Author. ae... sont 3s
T HIE belt Water in the World, call’d, by thofe who hav?

experienced itto befo forthe [teb; or any itching. Ady

heory of

- plained: To which is pretix'd, An K flay concerning gas Fr
e

_mours.° It hath been taken inwardly for the King's-Evil, - Tt

is géod to cure fore Eyes, or any other Sofes, .U.cers, or Ki-
fulis; it has preferved feveral from having CYeir Limbs cut off]
when al other Means have failed. Sold by tne Perfon that
makes it, at the Sign of coe Greefi Canifter next to 'the Dog’
and Bear Innat London Wall near Little Moregaté, who is
the Or.ginal andonly Perfon that can make it. Sold-by Mrs
Gouge at the Caftle in Weftminfter-Hally Mr. Radford’s
Toyithop at the Rofe and Crown over-ag wat St. Clement's
Church-Yard in the Strand near Arundel-itreer, Mr. Raw’s at
the North Entrance of the <oval-Exchange, over-againft Bar-
tholomew-Lane, Mr. Stewart Bowyer, Bookfeller, under Ald«
gite Church over-againft the Minories, Mr. Fan, Brdfhmdker
in St.Mary Ax. N.B. Ic hasno Smell, Price 1s. 6d. each
Rortle, with printed Directienshow to ule it. What is fold
el where cannot be depended on, being counterfeited. ~

HEREAS it was fome Time ago .advertifed in the
W Prints in the Year 1724, that James Watlington, of .a-.
bout 22 Years of Ags, s Foot 3 Inches high, ftopping in the
Shouldérs, pale Complexion, a very hoarfe and flew Vo'ce,
then wearing a fair Wig, formerly Pa e .to. the Rt, Hon.
the Countefs of Ranelagh, was gone off with $ or 602.1 of '
the faid Countefs’s Maney, and a Reward was offered for .ap-
prehending him, but the fiid Watlington -going. beyond Sea,
was Never yet apprehendeo: Now the faid Canntefs being
informed that h¢ is lately return’d to England; doth herehy
nromife, that if any Perfon fhall apprehend the faid Wat-
lington within fix Months after the, Public ition hereof, fo
that he may be brought to Juftice, fuck: Perfon fhall réceive
of Mr. Wm, Luken, Goldfimith, at the Black-Moor‘s-Head in
the Strand, sol. . ‘

AMALIEL VOICE, in Whalebone-Court, at the lower
G End of Bartholomew-Lrne, Lothbury, near the Royal-Ex-
change, fetteth in ARTIFICIAL TEETH in the mptt: ¢x-
act Manner, which are fo fitted and fet in, that they may 62
taken out an! put inagain by the Perfons themfélves, and are
not ta be dife-rn'd from the Natural; they not only preférve
the Speech, tnt alfo preferve the .'Teeth next. to them fiom
loofening or falling out ; but thofe. who have Sttnnps to fet
them on, may, with the greateft Security, depend upon it;
that they will anfwer the Ends of natural Teeth.

N. B. He fells and mends Watches of all Sorts.

OST on Thurfday the. rth Inftant, in Covent-Garden,
L an E'l of Callicoe; beirg 2 full work’d Pattern, and ale
moft finith’'d: Whoever brings it to Mr. Chauv-t's, Grocery
in James Strect,. Cévent-Garden, fhall have ten Shi.lings
Keward, and no Queftions ask’d. | |

2

FrLetinarinm Mirabile: Or, -the Admirable Electiagy,
~~ which intallibly cures all Degrees and Symptoms of rhe
fecret Difeafe, with more Eafe, speed arid Safety, than any
Medicine -yet publithed; any old Running, &c. though of
feveral Yéars ftanding, whether occafioned by an oref-fttaiti
Weaknets of the Seminail; or the Keli‘ts ofa former Infecti-
on, is certainly cur'd in a fhort Time, without a Miniite’
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Uie of Aitringents; beirlga
Medicine fo wonderfully pleafant and ¢cify in its Operation,
that the niceft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may take.it
with Delight: Two Pots are generally fufficient. to compleat
a Cure in moft Cafes. To be had only ofthe Author Dr. Cani,
a Graduate Phyfician, who has publifhed it 20 Years, and” is
conftantly to he advis'd with at his Houfe at the Golden-Ball
and Lamp, in Bow-Church-Yard in Cheapfide, at halfa Guinea
the Pot. wo / .
Againft thee VRNEREAL DISEASE... |.
H §, famous Italian BOLUS, has fogreat Snecefs in
the Cure of the Venereal Difeafe, that.not one of the
great Numbers that daily take it mifs ot a perfe-t Cure, ‘and
though fo very cheap a3 2s. 4d. each, yetfour Roluffcs nevet
tail to root out and carry 6f the moft mialignant, virulent,
and otitinate kind of the venereal Difeatt, without Confine-
ment,, or making your Cafe known to any 3. which, if it fails
to do, the Money isreturned. This great Medicine likewife
deftroys Mercury, and catries it ont of the Roly, and thereby
relieves thofe unfottunite Perfors who have fallen into bad
Hands informer Cufes. Ts to be. had onty at the Flaming
Sword the corner of Ruffel-Strect, over. againfe Will's,

; Hente, Covent-Garden : and if %ld at any other Place is Coune
‘¢ etfeit.
 £-

rHereas Martin Jobnfon has’ been abfent from his Fas.
mily thefe ve tears paft 5 ‘he is a Swede born, and
em loft bis left Hand in the Service. This is to give No-

wee, th.ctif any Pe fon can give an Account of him, whe-

Der he be living, and where, or if dead, where buried, and
Marg a Certificate trom the Parifh to his Daughter Affce
a rege living im Penitent-Street, near Ratcliff High-
gener Watco-huuie, or to Mr. Breeze’s at the King and Queen's
coy ate Penitent-Street aforefaid, fhall have four Guineas

lownels of Spirits Palpitation, or Trembling of the Heart, in
all paralitick, foporofe and convulfive Diftempers, ‘and in: all
. ions of the Head and Nerves it infallibly prevetts the
bad Effects of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which oceafions
in mof People the above-mentioned Diforders (with many
mote, which you'll fee at large in the printed Book of Directi-
ons) bur yet by raking 2 few Drops of this moft pledfant deli-
éate Cordial, in the firft Dith ofCoffee or Tea, you may then
drink at Liberty ; for this ‘Medicine penetrates through
the whole nervous Syftem, and fo recrnits the Brain and Pre-
cordia with a full Influx of ting S rits, which pcrforin the
Bufiness of vital Function wit freih Alacrity, and new Brisk-.
nefs ; fo that the Pulf, whigh lay feeble and wavering, Now
falls a beating vi oroutl » and with t Exattnefs ; more-
over, it wonderfully difperies Fear, SadnefS, confiufed Thoughts,
Twitchings of the Legs and Arms, difturbed Sleep, and all the
‘ difmal Train of Vapours and Melancholy. It Ne ftops

kev
Vomiti uts off Naufeoufnels, procuresa pood Appetite
and is new ih reat Eftcem amongt Quality of the finft Rank.

Sold only at G. Strakan’s,, Boot ek at the Golden Ballin
Cornhill, over-againft the. Royal-Exchange, and at no other
Place. Price2s. 6d. —_

WRIGHT’s Diuretick, or cleanfing Tincture.
Hich urinally diftharges all the freces or putrid relicks of
W the Lues Alamode, or Venereal Infection, and caufes
its Concomitants, the wretched Train of that complicated
Diftemper, asa mucous, filthy, fanious Matter lodg’din the
Reins, or fpermatick Parts, which either cauft a fharpnefs in
the rine, or: £00. frequently provoxe: ‘riptons Relick is
difcoverable part the fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a
Debility or’ cane! of the Back, a fetid nauftous, and
averting Smell of the Urine, with a purulent Matter, or
feculent Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or flying in it,- with
Variety of Figures. Farther, this'Tincture efpecially carries
- off all Relicks of the Venereal Difeate, ufter il! managed
Cures, not only cleanfing the Urinary es of all Sand,
ve e =
fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftori ng them, and
all their genital Parts, to their original one and Ufe, though
the Mistortune and Decay be of the longeft Date, with an e-
ual Succefs in each Sex. To be had for ros. per Bottle, with
irections for.its Ufe, only at his Floufe, the Golden Head
and twoLanips in Bell-Savage Yara on Ludgate Hill.

NNE, Daughter of Samuel Ladd, li-
- ving at the Ship and Crofs Daggers at
Doétors Commons, Porter, being about
, 14 Years of Age, was blind of one Eye,
and her other Eye being very near blind, occafioned by a
great Cold, i eh fhe had not Light to guide herielf,

infomu t
ing advifed to a very eminent Occulift, who after a

confiderable Time he had her under his Hands, we found
the. worfe, to our great Sur;rize, fo that we had her
fo diverfe other Practitioners of Eyes for Advice, and was
informed by fouie of them fhe could not be cured, which
caufed us to defpair,, and we thought fhe would not be
brought to Sight again ; but hearing of the many and won-
derful Cures of the Eyes performed by Mrs. Cater, who ftill
lives at the Hand and Eye in Caftle-Court’ Birchin-Lane,
Near Cornhill, did apply to her, who, at firft Sight of her,
told us her Eyes were curable, to ourno finall Joy and Com-
fort, and alfo did perform the Cure in a fhort time, to our
t Satisfaction ; and this I do in Juftice to the faid Mrs.
Cater, that thof Perfons who are under the fame A filicti-
on.may know where to apply for Cure,. given under my
Hand the s2th of Oétober, 1725. amuel Ladd. ©
Note, She cures without any Inftrument ;_and fhe infallibly
etlres the Ague, without the leaft Grain of Cortex, or: that
ghey call the Jefuits Bark. Price ss. the Vial. No Letters
yeceived except Poft paid.

= A HOUSE, at the Black Roy and Comb,

1 a Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage-
f Inn on Lidgate-Hill, is fold night French
1 Hungary Water, being the fame Sort fold
 feveral Years paft, and is eafily. diftinguifhed
from the pernicious counterfeit Sort fold a-

bout the Town, pretended to be imported

mh Montpclier, &c, Likewife the following foreign Com-
miodities are fold at the fame Place, viz.

Right French Hungary Water, at 1s. 3d. the Half-Pipt
eae e: Wlarehce Oi), at 2s. per Flask

in , . ;

Right Trith Ufquebaugh, at 2 5. the Half: pint Bottle,
: Wine Orange-lower Water, at 1s 64. per Ftask.

Right Barbadocs Citron wane at 34 s. per Quart.
' - Right French Claret at 30 Ss. be

Nine of- Leghorn and Bermuda Hatts. for Ladies.

N. B. There is a Sign-Paper on cach Bottle and-Flask, to

pretent Counterfeits.:

’ rey -_

Teh Ot Bt

.
s%,
a x

Fitms, or membraneous Pellicles, &c. but after 2 .

T the HUNGARY WATER WARE..

“ny, ot

vA

i ol
.

Wet, ohn Batte, Apprentice to John Auftin, a Chair
Maker) lately, Ie 'Genige-coure gp bennet’s-Hi 1, but
nbw ih Great. Trinity-Lane, uear 'Bread-Street > “This faid
John Batte, Turners, ‘went trom. his f
30th of Auguft ; he is a well-f%t young Man, upwards of
‘Age, hud, when he went away, Leather Breces tt

a dark. t Coat, and a Cinamon Coat : Whoever wi

bring him to his faid Mafter, fhail have, for their Reward, |

his Abfence ; ‘and if any one fhall empioy;him, let it be to
their Peri, they fhall be puhifhed as the aw shall direct.

Hich The chymical Liquor for the Hairy € any-othe
W ich gt y_changes red, grey, or xlairor anyother
.vV¥ di le Colour, whether of the Head or Eye-brows,
into any Degree of a Brown, or, by obferving the Dircctions
givén with each Bettle, into the moft bea ul Black in Na-
ture, that neither Time nor Weather can alter; for the Co-
lour will for ever remain as lively as if it naturally grew fo.
Et has, with a general Satisfiétion to the World, been fold this
ten Years by Mr. Lockton, only, at the Grithin, the Corner of
Buckler’s-Bury, in the Poultry, where a Lock of Hair may be
feen that was ftain’d with it betore it was tirft expos'd to fale.
Price half a Guinea 2 Bottle. If it does not prove infallible,
return the Liquor, and the Money flialibe repaid. Where is
alfo fold, The fovereign Secret for diffolving the STONE, and

a s AS Sack of Shavings, of the beft Sort we have made fince

expelling the GRAVEL, being an approved Specifick, with

ample Directions, Price 2s. 64, a Bot

This {pecial Notice is given, to prevent Miftakes.
That Mr. Allcroft is removed a few Doors higher in the

Stree", viz. to the Bine-Coat-Boy, a Toyfhop, the fecond

Houle above Exchange-Alley in Cernhill, againft the

Royal-Exchange : ;

And alfo to prevent Counterfeits,

Hat the fo much fam'd, and only true Original Reyal Chy-

mical Wath-Balls for beautifying the Face, Neck & Hands,
that were removed to Mr. Allcroft’s fome Years ago, to pre-
vent Impofitions, (the Truth of which can, and will be attelt-
ed as often as required, both by Mr. Allcrofc and Mrs. Giles)
are now fold only at Mr. Allcroft’s Toythop, at the Bluc-
Coat-Boy, the 2d Houfe above Exchange-Alley in Cornhill,
againft the Royal Exchange; and at Mrs. Gilcs’s, Milliner,
next Hercules-Pillars-Alley, by the Temple, in Fleet-ftreet.
Price 1 s. cach. | ;

They have near thete 30 Years been ufed and admired by
both Sexes of the beft af Quality, and many thoufands of
Gentry aud others, for making the Skin fo delicately foft and
{mooth, as not to be parallel’d by any Wath, &c, of any
Kind or Form, or any Wafh-Ball, notwithftanding what is
faid te the the contrary by Pretenders ; for thefe Ballsare in-
deed real Beantifiers of the Skin, by taking off all Deformi-
ties, as Tetters, Rign-worms Morphew, Sunburn, Scurf,
Pimples, Pits or Rednefs of:the Small-pox, and keeping it
of a iafting amd extream WhitenefS% They foon alter red
or rough Hands; are admirable in fhaving the Head; they
not enly give 2 more exquifite tharpnefs to the Xazor, but fo
comfort the Brain and Nerves, as to ent catching Cold.
They are of a grateful and pleafant Scent, without the Icaft
Grain of Mercury, and may be eaten for theirtSafety.

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Ju-
lep, which is known by many Years Experience to be a ne-
ver failing Medicine in old obftinate Aithma’s, whofe fiffo-
cating Fit it puts off in a Moment; it gives a perfect Relief
in ftraining laborious Coughs, that are unmercifully trouble-
fome Night and Morning; ’tisa moft excellent Remedy tor
Shortnefs of Breath upon any Motion, and in-Breathing with
Difficulty, Straightnef& of the Breaft, with Hoarfenefs and
Wheezing. Nothing exceeds thisadmirable Julep, fur by open-
ing the Brouchial Ducts and Ptuumonick Paffages; it pene-
trates in the inmoft R of the Lungs, and there meeting
wi h tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Phiegm, fo attenuates,
divides, moves and works it, that by conghing andfpitting, it
expectorates and throws wp all fiich Matter with the greateft
Kafe and Pleafure, thereby cleanfing and freeing the Breaft
and Lungs, when ftuffed up and clogged with a heavy Load, and
fo prevents Coniumptions, Ulcers of the Lungs, &e. Note,
It isa fafe and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken by Spoonfuls ,
according to the printed Direétions, without the leaft Confine-
mene, or Danger of catching Cold. To be hadat Mr. George
Strahan’s at the Golden-Ball over-againft the Royal-Exchange,
Cornhill , and at no other Place. Price 2s. 6¢

An infallible Remedy for broken winded Horfes,
T H AT hath been publifhed and fo'd many ycars
any counterfeits in other forms appeared; and high

‘commended trom one friend te anothcr; the vaft quantities
that have been fold, doth alfo verify the truth of its efhieacy
and virtues, which moft perfeftly cures them, atter many
things premifed have been ineffectual, to ‘a wonder, in a
finall time, without confinement, by attenuating and open-
ing the globules of the lungs dried up, and all paflages ob-
ftruéted by humours dripping thereon, occafioned by hard 1i-
ding, colds, &c. It caufes prefently a tree perfpiration, re-

newing its force, vigour and length, as well as ever; thofe

re

-only alittle rouch’d it cures immediately, as alfo ali coughs,

colds, wheefings, &c. being alfo excellent in preventing ma-
her diftempers, by maintaining, preferving and conti-
nuing a good breath ; and, in a word, by this medicine alone,
many Horfes have been made fo perfectly found, and have
been fold for ro or 32 L.which by being broken winded could not
before be fold for 3 or 41. Isfold at Mr. Lockton’s toyfhop at
the Griffin, the corner of bucklersbury in the poultry, at 4s.
6d. the quart bottje, with directions.

after (atorefaid on the, } :

~

5

.Venereal Difeafe, which ha
done uch Wonders, nov otie ia
twenty of the Numbers that hes: |
it éver mifs'd of a Cure. A Ti
for broken ‘Conititutions, with: a
Strengthning ‘Tinctue for W.
. ies
 faii: <Asalfo a healing Water’
“aS the Venereal Difeafe and Weaknet -
g . with the Royal Tobaceo, fo beneficial .
forthe Head andEycs. A Bookis given Gratis of their Vi

Royal-Exchangeover-againft Bartholomew-Lane; Mr. Hew-

forr's at the Rofe_and Crown over-againft Exeter-Exehange, ,.

Mrs. Cooper's a Toy Shop the Corner of Coarles-Courc in
the Strand.

W Heras Penclope Lambe, the Wife of me Jofeph Lambe, .-

of Tottenham-Highcrofs, Citizen and Pewterer, bath
lately been difturbed in her Mind, abfented ber {elf ftom her
faid Husband’s Houfe, and from her tour Cuildren, and ta-
ken with her. diveis Sorts of Goods, and has, for fome Years
paft, frequently done rhe fame, to tie great Prejuiice of
er faid Husband, and her four Children, and‘ has put her
HusbanJ into the Comimons two feveral times, and has rai-
fed feveral falfe, vile and bafe Lies againft her fad Husband,
and taken all Cppertunicics by her making and telling Lies,
cople, under a Pretence of Rell ou, that

and decciving 2

fhe has reccived barbarous Ufage from me her faid

which is all fulfe and bafe, and no Truth in its; thexefore

do hereby forbid atl Perfons whatf{vever to cruft-or give Cre-

dit to the faid Penelope Lambe, my Wife, for that I will

not pay any Debt or Debts the thall, after the Date hereof;

contract. Dated the 18th Day of November 1785
re)

The Grand Specifick for cleanfing aud ftrengthning the
- Reins, &c

Medicine that may be depended on as abfolutely effetual _

for carrying off by Urine, fately and fpeedily, all the
Relicks of fecret Injuries, Remains 0” vernicious pnskilfally
prepared mercurials, gleets, or weakneffés, through tedions or
ill-managed cures of the Venereal Diftaie ; or fe .
lution, inordinate coition ; allo any weakneffes of the Veffets.
trom wrenches, ftrains, blows, or falls, and all other obftru@ii--
ons in the urinary paffages, even ftranguaries, ulcers, &ec. are
perfectly cured by it, be they of cver{o long ftanding. This
noble fpecifick is alfo of fingular and very extraordi ufe
and efficacy, where there is any gtavel, or even finall feones,
flime, or any other matter that obftructs the urine; bringing
all away in a few times taking, with Miery. It fren thens
and recivers, after a peculiar manner, all relaxations of the
veflels, confirms the parts, bringing all into right order, and
thereby perfects the curetoadmiration. It’s av plea t-
medicine, and may be taken with pleafure, and wilh ean
of uncommon benefit ‘to mankind, beyond expedation ;.
which is the reafon of its being made publick,.and to obvi-
ate the ignorance of pretenders in-all the cafes above-mene
tioned. One bottle, in moft cafes, is fuffictent tora perfect
cure, as you will fee by the directions given with it. d for
7s 6d. the botcle at Mr. Lockton's toyfhop at the Griffin,
the corner of bucklersbury in the poultry.

The UNIVERSAL FAMILY MEDICINE,
To be taken any Seafon of the Year. It is alfp>

Certain and infallible Cure for the SCORVY, - of the:

tongeft ftanding, and the moft aggravated Circumftances,
by a Cordial Elixir, fo peculiarly adapted to itchiane Deak in’
its Forms of a ting, from the flighteft itchi ux

jn the Blood, to ies utmott or laft Effort on hiwnan Natnre =
It’s nota rugged Purgative that difturbs the Patient in ta-
king it, but a true Specifick Cordial, that pe y cures
that Diftemper by gentle Evacuation, by Stcol and Urine,
and fo powerfully reétifies the Blood and Juicés, that fero-

hulous Cafes are alfo fpeedily cured by it: and all Spets,

lotches, Pimples, &c. on the Skin, are quickly and entire-
ly taken off. It isa Cordial in the Stomach, renabves all Pain.
from it, helps Digeftion, and is fo particularly adapted to 2
Conftitutions, that it is the moft gencral Family Medicine:
that ever was known, to be taken Spring and Fall, to -
ferve Health. It hinders no Bufinefs or Recreation in P
it. It is fold at the Golden Ball, on Puddie-Dack.-Hil near
Ludgate-Street, at 3s. the Botti¢. Where good Allowance’
is given by Wholefalc to Country Shopkeepers, &ec. (one in 2:
City, or Town) to fell again. The Directions given with it:
are large and full : The Medicine will keep many Years.

Fut publith’d, A New Edition of.
N Account of the Place wheré the
Swallow, Nightingale, Cuekow
Fieldfare, and other Birds of Paf-
fage GO anid Kefide-during their Abfence
eae © from us. With a curious Draught of tre
Pe

Place they Go to, and of their Jo
tion of this Curiaus Book is Given
, } E NECKLACE, Recommended by
Dr. Chamberlen for Chikiren's Teeth, next the Rofe Tavern
without Temp'e-Bar.. At Mr. Jer. Pain‘s, the Fir oy-
fhop in Pope’s Head Alley from Comhil. At Mr. Greg’.
Bookfeller, at Charing. Crofs. And by the Authdr’s Servant,
R. Bradinaw, by Soho-Square.

LONDON: Printedby NW. 41ST, in Great-ter- Lane.

which never yct was Known Fd *
r.

THE Grand Italian Specifick forthe _

Vixtae «°
and Ufe at large, at Mr. Raw’s the North Gare of the |

»

thither and Back again. This new Edj-.

Fy

. ay up one Pair of Stairs at the Sign of th
Celebrated, ANODYN gn Of the |
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 27 Nov. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786224/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 