“4

- © rent Colours of the

a -MISTs WEEKLY FOUR NA L. (Noms. 9-j

— SATURDAY, JUNE 26, 1725.

+
a + te ee re te = aver

wigs HE Publick has been amufed with
| i ag the Cosemony of inftalling the
op Knights of the Bath, bur leat the
pale 0 or | People, who faw them wear thofe
a Feathers and Robes, &c. fhou'd
‘be apt to think there’s nothing init

¢

oe ee 4

more than mere Tageantry, Mr. Anftis affures us,
‘there is a Symbol or T YRC in every particular Or-

nament worn by thofe Gentlemen, which he has
very ingenioufly explain’d, and from him we shall
emake bold to borrow it for the Diverfion of our
Readers.

« Concerning the allegorical Conftruftion of the
© Ceremonies ufed throughout the whole Process
‘ of conferring this Dignity, and the myftical
.© Signification of the particular Make, and diffe-

Materials, which are exprefly
* enjoin’d by the Formulary, whereof I promis’d
“to give fome Account: I fhall now curforily
« remark, that the Humour of former Ages dif-
‘ pofed them to be very particular and prolix in
‘ Fe Explanation of Forms.

© Bathing, from whence thefe K nighis took their
* Appellanon, reprefents the Purgation of the
¢ Perfon bath’d from Sin, and from all Kinds of
* maral Impurity ; as a Perfon by Baptifin is fan-
¢ Gifted by a Principle of inward and fpiritual
« Grace.

«After bathing, he is put into a new and clean
* Bed, tu denote thar perfe& and fedate Compo-
'® fure of Mind, with which a Courfe of verruous
* Atchievements, in hisnew Military State, is to
‘ be finally rewarded.

« After he hath for fome ‘Time repofed himfelf,
* Robes of Crimfon,. or red Tartarin were deli-
* vered to him, by which fignificant Rite and
¢ Ornament. he is inftru&ed, chat the Dury of
¢ his new Military Office requires; he fhould,
'* for the Service of the Chriltian Religion, and
* for the Church, be ready to expofle himfelf,
* whenever there may be jult Occation, to the
* greateft Difculties and Dangers ; tho’ fnch as
* may occafion the fhedding his Bleod ; and thefe
* Robes are guarded, lined, or edg’d with white
© Silk, as emblematical of that immaculate Ho-
‘ nour, which in the Virtue of his Knizhthood,
§ he is inviolably oblig’d to preferve and main-
« tain. ‘

‘ The Gauffes Semelees, or black Stockings feal’d |«
€ with Leather, are intended, as feveral other |s
© Materials of that Colour, in the allegorical Con-{*
‘ Srudion of them, for a Document of Humility ;|§

¢
<
<

“ef FR KR Om mM

~ FT npn mm

_ eo eo FF Re mh eR iM

Sal ~~ ~ mn ry ~~.

Cn on no .  ) . e 4

* reminding him of his frft ExtraQtion, in refpect
* to his mertal and material Part, the Earth, out
*-of which his Body was originally form'd, and
* into which it muft fometime certainly be re-

© folv'd, — ‘
‘ His Spurs denote his Ardour, Forwardnefs |<

© and A@ivity, in the Purfuit of Military Adven- |s
© turesand Honour, a ready and chearful Obe-|«
* dicace.to any fuperior Command, fuch as him- |<
, §. FelF thou’d thidk reafonable to be obey'd, wirh- {é
c

--* out Scrupleor Regret, by thofe, over whom

““s he might be placed in any Degree of Authority ;
« cfpecially where Circwnftances, wou'd nor ad-{*
« mit any Difpuce or Delay. And here I am to |
« obferve, thar according to the Heraldick Sy-j'
« ftem, Spurs are carried among other Trophies, !*
« at the Funeral of a Kuight of the Bath; a Pri-
« Vilege not allowed to any other Perfon under che
. {Price Two Pence.}

«

“
ae

‘ Degree of a Baron, except only Bannerets, and

‘mutning, having Croffes planted in this Manner
on their Kuces. |

‘Knights declaring open Defiance to the Devil, and

per Vindidam, with the Rod, upon any Perfon,

_any Thing in Evidence, thar happen’d at the
Time the Blow was given, or was, for fome fpe-

‘ received it fhould continually remember, that

i‘ he ought never to give an Enemy an Opportu-
“ nity upon his Flight from the Battle, of ftri-
‘ king him in the fame Place.

* There is another Account concerning the O-
rigin of this Ceremony, which I shall barely
mention, without any Remark; namely, that
it was derived from the Sword, when the mifi-
tary Oath was taken by the Soldiers under the
Roman Emperor $ulian, Gladio Cervicibus admote,
mention 'd by Marcellinus.

of jate Days-to.Colonels of Horfe. .

© His white Girdle or Belt reprefents the Vertue
of Chaftiry, not in Oppofition to Marriage,
but to inrpure and criminal Love, which Knights
ought particularly ro deteft, as being the avow-
ed Guardians of Female Vertue and Honour.

¢ The Ceremonial dirc&ts, that.the Lords, who
by the Sovereign’s Appointment fhail put on the
Spurs, do likewife make the Sign of the Crofs
on each Knee of the Knight, and feveral Mo-
numents of Knights were lately, if nor ftil!, re-

on 2. ee ee . ae

News from the Dead, in‘a Letter from Mr. 70-
landto the Author of the Grounds and Reafons of
the Chriftian Religion,

SIR, ,
T H E brave Attack you have made upon Chri-

ftiantty, in your endeavouring to fap both its
Grounds and Reafons, is a noble Inftance of your
Loyalty to bis Satanick Majefty, and of your un-
fhaken Refolution for the Enlargement of the
infidel Empire.

But I am commanded to acquaint you, that the
Prophecies and Miracles upon which the Chri-
ftians lay fo much Strefs,-is a Fortrefs fo well
guarded, that you muft not be difcourag’d if yoar
Attempts have not all the SuccefS rhat is due to
your unfhaken Zeal for Infidelity. =

Our Emperor, from the Experience of 1700
Years, has found, that thofe that are real Chrf-
ftians, are never to be fubdu’d by any open Attast
upon their Religion, nor by any Violence againtt
their Perfons. “One of ‘the wrongeft Steps -that
ever was taken by this politick Government, wa:
fo endeavour to fibvert Chrifiauicy at its firke |
Appearance, by Racks, Croffes, Flumes, and o-
ther Tortures: The great Refolution chat the
Chriltians fhew'd under all thefe, -had an Efe?
very contrary to what was intended, and ftrange-
ly contribured co the Enlergement of the Chri-
ftian Empire. So

His Majefty therefore found it neceffary to
form new Schemes, and to feduce thofe by Craft
whom he could not fubdue by Force: Tho’ all the
Attempts of ,our old Pagan Friends were baffled
the wond’rous Succefs of the new Scheme quick-
ly appear’d : Men of great Subitilty among the
Ecclefiafticks were employ’d to. raife Difputations
againft the fundamental Articles of their Religion.

Thus in how fhore a Time did Arianifm over-
fpread the Chriftian World? who were broughe
to furrender their Faith and Bibles ro Mahomet,
the great Prophet. The Revival of this Scheme
in this prefent Age, has already very m -
moted che Caufe oF Infidelity. y very much pra

Great Ufe being to be made of fome amone the
Clergy, therefore you are advifed, thar all Rail-
lery upon the Subje& of Prieftcraft be fufpended :
The Notions and Praftice of a calm and und}.
fturb’d Devotion will foon extinguith that Zeal
and Concern for Religion which the Chriftians
have fo much bouafted of. This has alfeady pre-
| pared Mens Minds to throw off all Concerns for
a future State, and, with the geucrous Freedom,
beth of thinking and adting, to indulge all their
Paffions and Apperttes. : er

The Principles fo- bravely advatced af tek
Dutch Dottor, in his Fable of the Bees, wheretict
proves, that private Vices are publick Benefits 5
by the Afliffance of our Temples in Drage
and the Haymark@, added more subjotts

© The Sword is defign’d as a Token of the

of his refolving to defend Religion, and the

Duties of his Calling with all Vigour and Con-
ftancy, particularly to underiake rhe Proreétion
and befence of poor Men againft Rich, and of
weak Men aguiutt che ftreng.

‘ The Coife; white Covering, and white Hat
upon the Wead, imporis in the moral Defign of
ir, that asa Knigut-ts under indifpenfable Obli-
gations, in Virtuc of his Chara@er and Funétion,
to perform good and commendable Works ; fo he
ought to preferve a pure Confcience before God,
and fhould be careful never to do, never to de-
fign any thing for which his Mind may inward.
ly challenge or reproach him. ) ,

‘ The Blow on the Neck is intended as a Me-
morial ro him, that he ought not to be infenft-
ble of any.real Indignity or Affrout. That Ho-
nour isa tender Paint, that no Impreflions are
fooner feir, oc ought 1033 Joneses vetaia’d, than
thofe whereby any Perfon fuifers in his Cha-
rater as a Man of Honour.
‘ This Atcount of the myftick Signification in
giving the Blow, is.agrecable to the Opinion
which hath prevail’d in later Times; but fince
learned Men -have made different Conjefures
concerning the Origin of it, as T have in ano-
ther Place obferv’d, it. may be convenient to
propofe fome af them, which have been thoughe
mcft {pecious, tothe Reader, that he may judge
for himfelf ‘concerning the Propriety of them.

‘There are Authors who have derived that
Blow from the Stroke given by the Romans,

on his recciving Manumiffion : Others have de-
duced it from the Stroke that the Bithops fre-
quently give to Perfons confirmed by them : O-
thers contend, that it was given upon the Crea-
tion of a Knight, with fuch Violence, chat he
fhould, by the feafible Impreffion of ic, be more
powerfully and permanently -reminded ‘of | his
Profeffion ; which Opinion appears confonant ro
an ancient Cuitom of the Romans, tranfinitred
from them tothe Germans, of giving a Blow to
a Perfon, who might be call’d upon to atteft

cial Reafon, re be particularly remember'd.

© Some Ceremonials of Knighthood prefuppote,
indeed, another Reafon for the Rite of the
Blow, and fay, it was appointed in Memory of
our Saviour's being buffetted and smitren for our
Offences. : .

‘ This Blow was given probably on the Back
of the Shoulders, or Neck, thut the Perfon who

~

 . fented.

where Tables were prepared for the Company ;

_of the Treafon will be exemp

The Lord Kingfland is desd. ~v— Mr, Simon Al-

‘erder'd in ! )
| Breaft; but fopping at a Bone, drove it after-

KS

' Life was defpair'd of.

_of the Hall was 2 large Table cover'd with twelve
~ Orange-Trees, adorn’d with Feftoons and Flow-

. King Sraniflaus’s Life, by the Application of pey-

‘Dep -Vice-Treafurer, and Pay-Mafter-Genera]
of re

ther Mifdeneasiors, 9s Objekis of Compafiion byjre-ele&ed Reprefentetive for the County of Rut
t land.—-———- John 'Thurloe Brace, Efq;. is elce

: a

fome of the Lords the. Judges, and we hear a Par-
don is paffing the ieee . | | &ed' Member of Parliament for Bedford, in the
_ From Guilford That a Manin that Neigh-
bourhood is commitred:to Goal for a barbarous
Murther done by him a Year ago. The Fa was
difcover’d by his Mother, Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, in the Room
From Stockton in the North; That Mr, John of William Whitmore, ae decealed, em Sir
Cook an eminent Merchant in that Town, cut] Paul Methuen, is re-cle&ted Reprefonrative of
his Throut the 16th Inffant. a the Town of Brackley, in Northampton. —~ Ed.
LONDGQGN, Swne26.  . svard 'Thompfon is re-ele&ed foy Yark. —— The
We have repeated Accounts of the vat Damage] Reverend Dr. Smith is chofen ‘Lefturer of the
done by the Rains and Floods from the diftant|new Parifh Church in George-Street, in the
Parts of the Kingdom; ten Thoufand Pounds|Reom of the Bifhop of Limrick in Ireland.——
worth of Hay Ground is cover'd with Water in} The Rev. Mr. Cockfhute, Fellow of Chrift’s
the Vale of Elwyd in the County of Denbigh.——| College in Cambridge, is prefented to the Living
Jn fome Parts of Bedfordthire the Water has keen gf Kegworth in Leicefterfhire. The Rev.

two Foot high in the Houfes. Sam. Rogers to the Vicarage of San&tx Cruo-

"Phe Parliament, which ftood prorogued to the] cis in Glouce ire, —————Mr. John Ephin4
tft of July, is furthey proro to the 12th of| fton, Jate Gentleman of the Chamber tu rhe Karl
Auguft. of Macclesfield, is made Clerk and Marfhal tq

The Carew, Captain Roberts, was loft on the|Mr. Baron Hale. :

Bar of Oporto, the Men and part of the Carga} The diftrefs'd Haymakers, to the Numb? of
fav'd.——John and Francis, Captain Jacobs, bound} {everal Hundreds, have been reliev'd by feveral
from Stetin to Dublin, was lately loft on the|charitable Gentlemen, particularly the Merchants
Coaft of Scotland. . on the Change, who collected among themfelveg
_ Deaths. Cheney, Lord Colepeper, in his Re-| 20 or 301. ata time.-—-eeeThe Duke of Chandos
tirement at HaveftonvS.-John, in Norfolk, aged
85: He was the third Son of rhe Lord of that
Name, -{9 often meritioned by the Earl of Claren-
don: He left che World in the Reign of King
Charles II. upon a Difpuft at the Eftablifhment
of the Life-Guards, whom he call'd the Seeds
of a ftanding Army : He was very zealous for the| A Tireaty of Marriage is on Foot between Sax
prefent Eftablifhment, yet could never be pre- rouel Sands, Efg; Member of Parliament for Wor-
yail'd upon to take the Abjuration Qath.——TThe |cefter, and a Daughter of the Lady Tipping.
eldeft Son of Lord Hilsborough, of the Small-{| His Majefty, before he fer out for Hanoyer, wag
Pox, by Inoculation. = Tho. Bere, E{G; one of | pleas’d to appoint Mr. Grey of Mill-Bank, Weft-
Commiffioners for the Vi@ualling, and Member} minfter, to be Water-Engine-Maker in ording-
of Parliament for Tiverton, Devon. ——~ George |ty : And by Virtue of a Warrant from his Grace
England, Efq; at his §eat at Norfolk.——John Of-| the Duke of Grafton, Lord Chamberlain of his
fley, Efq; near Ifleworth, Middlcfex. —Mr. Pen- Majefty’s Houfhold, he was fworn and admitted
fent, Vicar of Codecor in Herefordthire, drowued. | accordingly.

Great Complaints are made by the Merchants} The Heathcote Baft-India Ship from Fort Sr.
of the Weft-Indies, of the Spanifh Governors of| George, is arrived ia the Downs richly laden.——
Cuba and Carthagena, who fit out Ships under | The Aiflabie, Captain Wilfon, and the Francis,
Pretence of guarding the Coaft; but take, in a] Captain Newfham, two other homeward bound
pyratical Way, all they can meet with of all Na-| Eaft-India Ships are arrived ar St. Helena.
tions, as has been amply fet forth in the Hiftry of On Thurfday Alderman Porteen and Jeremiah
the Pyrates: The laft Accounts inform'd us of a} Murden, Efg; were chefen Sheriffs of London and
Ship from London, called the Princefs of Portu-| Middlefex for the Year enfaing.
gal, taken and carried into St. Jugo of Cuba;]_ The fame Day a Putney Boat was overfer, fail-
which, however, after’a while, when the Cargo|ing down Chelfea Reach for London, thro’ the
was eat up- by g long Tryal ac Law, where Juftice | Obftinacy of the Waterman, whereby twe Men,
went all on one Side, he was allow'd to come|two Women, and the Waterman’s Boy were
away with the Ship. — Since this, the Anna | drowned ; the Waterman himfelf, wich another,
Maria of Briftol, was taken and carry’d into the|who got a Caft with him, were fav'd. About 12.
fama Harbour. They write, that the Governor | Years ago the fame Perfon’s Boat overfer in the.
himfelf has fitted out thefe Veffels, and is provi-| fame Reach,.and drowned an Attorney of Chelfea..
ding feveral others, which are partly mann'd| A poor Carpenter that work’d at the. Admira]-.
with the Englith Pyrites that farrenter’d. at Porto~-|ty Office, and was faid in 3 former Paper to have.
Bello, under Captain.'Faylor, (after Captain Eng-j great Eftace left him, has now laid Y his Equi-.
land was marroon’dy-in the Calandra. The Ship | page, and taken up his Hammer and Chifel again ;
mention’d in our Journal, June 5, to be raken by for is feems ‘twas only an Impofition upon him,
the Diamond, belong’d to the faid Governor, from | contriv'd by an impndent villainous Pertifogger,,
on board of which, Taylor himfelf, with 39 or [to defraud him of feveral Bums of Moncey, for.
4o of the faid EnglithPyrates, made their Efcape [which be has fince been taken and commitred to.
‘ahore on a Float, Se Newgate. . —

Of 19 Miners that.were hired at Falmouth, by} A large Vault has been Jately difcover'd in the.
the Royal African Company). to work in their
Gold Mines in Africa, a Remnant of five have
been Jately brought home from Cape Coaft by the
Hamilton, Captain Kirk, and landed at the fame
Place they were fhipp’d from. ‘The reft dy’d in
the Country. They went out two Years aB0.

he Gentlemen of Parliament are retir'd, mof
of them, to their Country Sears. Oo

Boars apd P gtiers Dgniel Lord Finsh is

Empiré, than all the elaborate Writmgs of spi-
#Yfa, Hobs, or Le Clark, oo!
The Bravery of the Do&or meets with the
highett Applaufe here, who, under the Umbrage
of his noble Patron, dar'd reprint his Book, in
Defiance of a Court of Juftice, where it was pre-

for the Vidtualling the Navy.

St. John

While fuch Numbers are daily inoculating the
Doftor’s Principles into their Pra&tice, your.La-
Bours againtt Chriftianity can have no Effe& but
among the graver Sort ; for the Sake of thefe it
is requifite, that you, and others, of our Friends,
keep up the higheft Pretences to Honour and Ho-
nefty, and often appear in the Chriftian Churches,
by which you may indyce others to have the fame
mean Conceptions of the eftablifhed Religion, as

ou fo happily poffefs ; but by this it is aor inten-

ded you thould be deprived of the Indulgence of

an ) plesfing Fafijon or Appetite, fo as it be gra-
with Privacy.

The State of our Affairs amongft thofe that
eall themfelves Proteftants, is now in fo flourith-
jog 2 Condition, that you muft nor expe& to hear
from me, unlefs there fhould happen to be fome
fudden Change; in this Cafe you may expett frefh

FOREIGN AFFATIR6&.
They write from Petersburgh, that on the firft
of June, New Stile, the Marriage betwixt rhe
Duke of Holftein and the Princefs Anna Petrowna,
@as celebrated in the Church of the Trinity,
with great Pomp and Ceremony. -=#eeThe Mar-
riage Ceremony being over, they proceeded with
t Order and Magnificence to a great Hall,
nile in the pleafure Gardens of che .Emprefs,

a Sixpenny Loaf cach to bé diftributed to 150 of
thofe poor Wretches. Several Reverend Gentle~
men have colle&ed the Alms of their feveral Pa-
rifhes, and difpofed of it the fame Way.

The Board of 'Treafury is adjourn’d to Friday.

on one Side fat the Duke of Holftein, with the
Counts Appraxin and Galeskin, who officiated us
his Fathers, with feveral Noblemen, who appear’d
as his Brothers, meser- At the other End fat the
Princefs Anna, with the Dutchefs of Mecklenberg
and the Princefs Menzikof, who, upon that Oc-
cafion were her Mothers, and feveral other La-
dies, who were her Sifters. ——--e-—— On each Side

ers, on éach of which fat a Dove with an Ar-
row in its Bill, and a Quiver gilt hanging down
by it. acum When the Marriage was over, the
Em refs invefted the Bride with the Order of St.
Catharine, an Order inftiruted by the late Em-
or for Ladies; thé Badge of whichis a white
ibbon hung crofs the Breaft, with a Medal
adorn’d with Diamonds hanging atthe End of it,
having the Pi@ure of St. Catharine on one Side,
and on the other a Crofs patee, the Motto being

Pro Fidelitate OF Amare; Fer Love and Fidelity,
A Plot was lately form’d for the taking away

{ond Tobacco ; but the fame was happily difco-
ver'd and prevented, and, no Doubt, the Authors
larily punifhed.
Frem Dyblis, June 15. That John Prat, Efq;

» (formerly hinted at in this Paper to
tly deficient in his Accounts} is committed
to Prifon, and fucceeded by Luke Gardner, Efq;—

cock, Surveyor of the Cufoms rhere, being dif-

s Senfes, mo his Sword into bis Water in the ‘MG d dle, and fevernl Marble’ Cie

his. Force, flaunting, thro’ his fterns : By the Infcriptions on the Tiles and Mor-

Body, and was going to repeat the Sroke, bat toes, it anpearsto be the Bathing Place of Queén

was prevented by hig Servants; however, his rer from the Spring t6 Whitehall’ pethe Exponte
of theCrown, = vo

South-Sea Stock 123, for Opening. India 169,

They write fromthe WeP, that in that Circuit,
wpwards of for Operging, Bank 135. African 10, 7 8ths:

Pp 100 Prifoners have been, or will
be, clear'd from Goal, for Fines, Felonies, and 9

Charlton, E{q; is chofen alfo for Bruges, alias:

at his Seat at Canons, order’d halfa Crown and _~

Meufe, curioufly tyled all over, a fine Spring of

Elizabeth. Pipes are now luying to convey Wa-.

Room of George Huxley, made a Commifiioner -*

TA
 Or, An humbly offer’d towards proving the Parity, J.
; Propriety, : true Eloquence of the Writers of the NEW
- TESTAMENT. In two Parts. Inthe firft of which thoft

~—

, FOUS Language,

' of their Style-and Chargtter, and
. Supertority, in feveral Inftances to
and Rome. By

* ons how to ftudy them to Advantage;

days and Fle}jdays excepted) from nine a Clock in the
ming ste ftern

is Day ts pudlithed beautiful rinted on-fliperfine Paper.
TH The BACKED ‘CLAS ics defended and rluReratea

divine Writers are vindicated againft the Charge of barba-
faife Grerk, and Solecifms. In the fecond is
fhewn, t the Exceliencies of STYLE, and fublime
Beauties of Language, and genuine Eloquence, do abound in
the facred Writers of the New Téftament. With an Account
Reprefentation of their
the beft Claffies of Greece
A. BLACKWALL, M. A. Printed far
the Bible and Crown in St. Paul's Church-:
Yard, and W. Cantrell, Bookfelier in Derby,
.. Alo rh Day is publifhed, the third Edition of °
Mr. BLACK WALL's Introduction to the Clafficks 3 can-
taining a fhort Difcourfe on their Excellencics ; and Directi-
with an Effay.on the
Nature and Ule of thofe emphatical and ‘beautiful Figares
which give Strength and Ormndment to Writing.
ERY good Minifters Gowns and Caffocks of all Sorts,
V New and Second-hand, Aldermens Scarlet Gowns, Vio-
fet Gowns, and Livery Gowns, Tutted_Corporation Gowns,
Clerks Gowns, and Students Gowns, ‘To be fold by Thomas
Hunte Salefman, at the Sign of the Ball the Corner of Long-
Lane in Weit-Smithtield. Alfo fells Suverfine Black Cloth,
Hair Pennelloes, and Rufferines in the Picce.

T the Free School at Dunftable in Bedfordfhire, are
taught, WRITING in all the Hands, according to the

C. Rivington a

moft improv’d Method and Praétice of thz ablicit Matters ,
ARITHMETICK in all its Parts,whether Vulgar or Fra‘ti-
onal: . RCHANTS ACCOMPTS, or the true Italian

ethod of -Book-keeping ; where Youth may be {peedily
Moalified for any fort‘ of Bufiness or eee he whether Law

de. b GRATWICK.
ont Fhe Town is fituate in a very

P in a ver heaichfal ané piea-
“Country; where fueh Lads, whofe Friends do live re-
ate, ma board ina handfome manner, on eafy Terms, and
if required, m y be inftrnéted, either in the Latin Tongue,
or, the tme Ort

a
che tre Orthography of the Englith, by a new and apr
prov

his Day ispublifh'dthe 3d Edition of, |.
FFA General Hittory of the PYRATES, from their firft
Settlement in the Mflartd of Providence to the prefent Time :
With the remarkable Actions and Adyentures of the two
Female Pyrates, Mary Read, and Anne Bonny, contained
in Chapters, treating of the following Captains and their
Crews, viz. Avery, Martel, Teach, alias Black-beard, Bon-
net, England, Vane, Rackum, Davis, Roberts, Anttis, Wor-
Jey, Lowther, Low, Evans, Phillips, Sprig, and Smith, alias
Goty. who was executed lately at Execution Dock.’ Printed
fot 'T'. Warnerat the Black -boy in Pater-NofterRow. Pr. ss.
Mon ill be publifhed, (with his trac Effigies prefix'd,
Or nla ay af A 4 P Paper defiga’d to be delivered at the
Place of Peecht on, added} the fecohd-Edition, ot
“w= Phe Life of Jonathan .Wild, from his Birch to his
Deith;s containing his Rife and Progress in Roguery, his
firk intance with Thieves, by what Arts he made him.
{elf their Head or Governor, his Nifcipline over them, his
Policy and t Cunsing in governing them, the fevera}
Claffes of Thieves under bis Command, in which all his In-
trigues, Plots and Artifices are accounted for and laid open,
§ntermix'd with feveral diverting Stories. By H. D. late Clerk
> Juftice R----- Printed for T. Warnerat the Black-Boy in
PatersNofter-Row. Price one Shilling.
W Berea in Mift'’s Weekly qournal, on Saturday the 20th
of February 1725, as afb in other papers of the fame
date, ad fince, isadvertis'd a powder lately imported, which
in’ every refpect fully anfwers the uf of Coffee, and chere be-
ing a larger demand than was ex , feveral perions went
withont 3 care will be taken for the future to prevent the
like, a large parcel being juft arrived exceeding fine and good,
which may be tafted af the firft houfe on the lefr hand in Bell-
Savage-Yard on Ludgate Hill up one pair of Stairs, where
any Quantity may be bad at 2s. 6d. per pound. N. B, No lefs
than ome is fold; it will anfwer without mixture of
Coffee, and bath been mych approved on fince the Adyer-
Flereas it hath bean indufttiou/ly reported, that Simon
Barnes at the Black Bull next the G pnd Inn in
be bof Southwark (the fist Spreader and Mgker of
* beft Cane and Whalebone Hooping in Engién#) hath left
making thereof, which is great amage to him in Trading,
iris is therefore to certify w it may concert, thag tho
Reports are fal and groundlefs, and that he ftijl eonrinnes
he aid Bufinels to better Satisfaction than ever, where all
s and. others may be

eepers farnithed with any Qpgntity,
pnd alfo with whole Cane, at reafonable Rates. ;
PeHE Commiffoners for Licencing Hawkers and Pedlars
T do hereby give Notice that daily Attendances is given at
their Office overagainft the Bull and Gate in Holborn Sun-

or:

pd

d from two till five in the Afternoon, in

one Sor the defiverin out of Licences for the current Year;

fach Perfons Shall prefime to trade contrary to the

of Parliament in that behalf made and provided,

not forcherith Fao: out Licences, wil} be procecded 2;

ering on onday the sft of this Inftant, there was

or finic the Sevea Stars, a Linen Draper's in

eds “Whee asvough' tate
r

00 ie Mom eran, and a Gui-

AT :
ce Rewsr, Seeeity it ror fend it to the Place afore-
Zaid, or to the Printer Of this Way

*

7 S04n0

:

Qn Monday lait mat pablifhéd the 34. Edition, corredeq

WwW large Additions.af." .

** A VIEW of LONYON and WESTMINSER ; or,
the TOWN-SPY ; Containing, ‘amongf miny others di-
verting Matters, new Votegand Schemes of the Irifh Society
of Forturie-Hunteérs. Qf the Lawyersof St. Clenient’s and
Sc. Dynttan’s, the kept Miltreffes at St. Andrew's, the High
ahd Low-Charch Mobs at St. Brides, the Blackfryers Prin-
ters, and the Lucgate-hill Mercers, An Account of Jonathan
Wilde's Funeral Proceffian, and of a furprizing Specifick for
the Cure of felonious, frandalent and corrupt Habits, being an
Handkerchicf dipt itthis Blood, highly neceffiry tohe ufed at
this timein great Rritain. A Character ofa City Church-war-
den, the Cuftoms of the Citizens on the Sqbbath-Day,; the
Pride, Intrignes and Degeneracy af the City Wives; of: the
Band of Pecticoat Penfioners begetting young, Merchants and
Shopkeepers ; alfo of the adventures --rt--l and Kol--ig *,
twa famous Stalions, &a, Sold by T. Warner, at the Black
Boy in Pacer Nofter Row, and by the Bookfollers of Lon-
don and Weltrinfter.. Price one Shilling.

Thig Day is pubdlith'd, the 2d Volume (with a compleat In-
dex to bet Volumes, and a Map of the Reads by Mir.
*,* A Tour thro’ the whole Ifland of Great Britain, divi-

ded into Circuits or Joumnies. Giying a particular and diver-

ting acccunt of whatever is Curious and worth Obfrvation,
viz. I, a Reftription of the principal Cities and Towns,
their Situation, Mognitude, Government and Commerce.

II. The Cuftoms, Manners, Speech, as alfo the Exercifes,.

Diverfions, and Employment of the Peaple. [If. The Pro-

dice and Improvement of the Lands, the Trade and Manufa-

étures. IV. The Sea. Vorts and Fortifications, the Courfe of

Rivers, and the Inland Navigation. V. ‘Che public’. Edifi-

c¢s, “eats, and Palrces of the Nobility and Gentry. With ufe-

ful Obfervations upon the whole. Particularly fitted for rhe
readinz of fitch as defire to travel over the Ifland. _ By a Gen-
tleman. Printed and fald by G. Strahan in Cornhill ;

Mears, at the Lamb without Temple-bar; R.Francklin, un-

der Tom's Coffee-hou‘e, Coyent-Garden ; $. Chapman, and J.

Jackfon, in Patl-Ajall; and J. Stagg, ia Weftmilter-Hall. -
. . This Day is publifhed,
¥,* Every Man mind his own Bufinefs, or private Piques

no publick Precedents, being an Anfwer to a late urri-

lous Pamphlier, entitnied, Eyery Bodies Bufinefs ts-no Bodies

Bufinefs ; written by an old pevith trading J---ce, whof: talfe

Reafoning is here expofed, the Cruelty of Mafters and 'M}-

fireflies exempiified, and the Hardihi-s of Servitude fect ina

truc Light; in a Letter to A---M, EtG, By Catherine Comb-
brith, Lady's Woman. ---- Haber & Mufea Splenem: Sold
by the Bookfellers of London and Weftminfter. Price 6d.

This Day is publithed, beautifully printed on a fine Paner in
8vo. with the Effigiés of the QUEEN of SCOTS, cutioully
engrav'd from an Original Pitfnre by Mr. VERTUR
* * The HISTGCRY of the LIFE and REIGN af MA-

KY QUEEN of SCOTS and DOWAGER of FRANCE;

callested fram Original Rees and Writers ef, Crodir.

Printed for James Woodman and David Lyon in Ruffel-ftreet

Covent-Gatden, and C. Davis in Hatton Garden, Price's s.

N, B. There isa {mall Number printcd on Royal Paper for

the Curious. ;
BELLSIZE HOUSE... ;
fIIS is togive Noticz, that on Atunday che 28th of. this
T ftant June, will be a Fook Match, between John Sey-
mor the Mint Boy, and Anthony Dunn the famous Bowling-
Green Boy at Clerkenwell, to rin fix times round Bellfize
Park, five Rounds for three Guineas a Side, and the laft
Round forten Guineas a Side, ‘To ftait in the Afternoon ;
Play or Pay.
BRISTOL HOT-WELL WATERS, |
Refh from the Wells, will be fold at fix Shilings per Do-
F zen, with the Bottles, ac Mr. Richard Briftow’s, Gold-
fmith, near Bride-Lane, FleeteStrect ; where all Perfons
that have Occafion for the faid Waters, may be fu'ly fatis.
fy’d of their being genuine and pure from their Spring 5 and
wil} betaken to deliver them well cork’d and clear.
Leétnarium Mirabile: @r, the Admirable Eteétuary,
E which infallibly cures ajl Degrecs and Symptoms of the
fecret Difeafe, with more Eafe, Spx
edicine yet pub'ithed; any old Running, &c. thongh of
feveral Years franding, whether toned by an over-{train
Weaknefs of the Seminall, or the Reli&ts of a former Infetti-
on, is certainly cur’d in 2 fhort Time, without a Minute’s
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Uf of Aftringents;. being a
Medicine fo wonderfully pleafanc and eafy in ts Operation,
chat the niceft Palate, or weakef. Conftiturion, may take it
with Delight: Two Pots are generally fufficient to complear
a Cure in moft Cafes, To be had oniy of the Author Dr. Cam,
a Graduate Phyficidn, who has publifhed if 20 Years, and is
conftantly to be advis‘d with at his Houfe at the Golden-Bail
and bamPs jn Bow-Church- Yard in Cheapfide, ar half Guinea
‘" "_ Againftthe VENEREAL DISEASE |
ty HE famous Italian BOLUS, has fo great Succefe in
the Cure of the Venereal Difeafe, that not one of the
t Numbers that daily take it mifs of a perfect Cure; and
though fo very cheap as 2s. éd. each, yet four Rol never
tail to root out and carry off the moft malignant, virulent,
and obftinate kind of the yenereal Difeafé, without Confine-
ment, or makjng your Cafe known to any 3 which, if it tails
to do, the Money isretumed. ‘This t Medicine likewife
deftroys Mercury, and carries it out of the Body, and thereby
relieves thofe rtunate Perfons who hive fallen into bed
Hands in former Cures. Js to be had only at the Flaming
Sword the corner of Ruffel-Srreet, over againft Will's 3
Hout, Covent-Garden ; and if falv at any other Place is Coun-

peed and Safety, than any

W. pAuthoritries.. Princes for

MOGor Atton of Chelteriieid in Derbyfhire, his ROYAL
CORJIAL TINCTURE. tor the Cho’hk, tray pfe-
ared by a Relution of his, the Vertues af whier nth ben,
ormerly mentioned ty a Le ter uth: Paner, i: bting rhe mot >
fovcreign Medicine a1 effectual Cure forti.c Ghotick, heal’ g~
the Bowels, creating Appetite, and reftoriag Heath, pre-
yenting the Gontin the Stonvien. Sold only at Mr. V. Crim-
ftead’s, a Toyihop, at the Bisck Swan, in Sr. Paul's Chireh-
Yard ; at Mr. Garway’s off Shop at the Souch Eni eee of
the Royal Etching; ‘qc Mr. Cooper's, a Toyfhon, tho Cor+
ner of Charles-Stréct in the Strind, and at the Green Limo
in Swaltow-Streer, Pitcidil’y, ftoat'd with three Flower d3
Lures, at 38. 6d.° cach Bettie. And it the fame Plzess,
with the fame Seal, is fold tht DoSor’s famous Stynticx, jalt
publifhed, wittr which he preforved Numbers fron fil ing un-
der the Surgeons’ Hands, it hoing’.a fefe and abfolure Cure
for all Cuts, Scratches, or Taiis iathe Ftefh, never faffhing
any Wouad that it was dreit with, evcr to fefter, or leaving
any Scar r Scam behind it, with Diretions how touts it; -
and ics Porfection more at large, Price one Shiiting
. . jut pudlimed, -

*t* A true, authentjck andimparrm Hiftory: of the Life
and glorious Actions ofthe C4A% of MUSUOVY: From
his turch to his death. Containing, [. ag exaét account of ius
title, wefeenr, fmily ani iffve IT. His detection of the
feveral plots formed again{ft him, and his punithment of the
confoirators. I{{. His wars with the turks, fwedes and po-
landers; and his fnecefsfinl and unparalleled cnquets over
thofe people. IV. His Travels into’Europe, &c. for the im-

ovement of arts, felences, military difcipline and navai af-
airs, more partiewlarly to-Gcrmany, Holland, and the eourts ~
of England and France. V. His remarkable focéch at’ his °
return home. VI. His proceedings againfe the Czarowitz ‘is
fon, his nomincrion of 2 freer, his flexa-fs, death an€
hiterment. The whole comnpiic? from tho Ruffian,’ Hizh
Dutch and French langurgc Stare papers, and other prick

. Bertefworthin Pater Nof.cr ¥ ay,
G. Strahan; W. Meadows in Cornhill; J. Steg2 in Wefr-
minfier Hal" ; Af Gravesin St, James's Strert; ‘S. Chapoian
in pall-mall ; _ Frankling in Covent Garden; J. Hirding
in St.martin’s lane; T. Elin in ghe Strand, and J. Juckfor
near St. James's Houft, price 5s. cs
ohn Rydings, living at the Pisagh
if Menon in Sraoke Market, having been
long afflicted with fore Fycs, which pra-
ceeded from an extraordinary Co'd; {fp thar
I was in Danger of lofing my Sight while T lived in this
World, had I noc been advifed to anply my felf to Mrs. Ca-
terat the Han! and Eye in Caftle-Came in Birchin-Lane;
who under God, hath made a perfect Cure in as fhort a time
as could be exnested, to the Surprize of all that knew me
andthis E.defire may be publithed for the Benefic of thofe

§that may hayethe Misfortun® to want the Alfiftance of foex-

pelimnced a Peifon. Givea under my Hand the rqth of June .
TNTore, She cairce. without an Loftsagmeat nhs is “ae ;
ott,oug Mitce, ut any Ly! > 2ts she infa'h
cures the Agne, withcut the foaft Grain'ot! Cortex, orf thar
they call the Fefnits Bark. Prie: ss. the Vial No Letters
received except Poft paid. . 7

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM, orthe Afthmatiek Ju-
lep, whichis known by many Ye2rs Exnericnce to te 2 ne-
ver failing Medicine in old obftinate Afihma's, whe® fhfo-

cating Fit ic putsoff ina moment; it gives < w re:t Relic?
in ftrainiag laborions Coughs that ae unmere?utly trouble-
fome night and morning; tis a moft exeetiens Kemely fer
fhortnefSof Rreath upon-any motioi, and in Breathing wirh
Difficulty, ftralghtnefS of the Breit, with haurfincfs and
wheeling. Nothing exceeds this admirable Juiep, *:r by open:
ing the bronchial Ducts and preunioni-k Paflages, it pene-
tratesin the inmdft Receffzsof the Lungs, andj there meeting
with tough, thick, cold, clammy, fliny Phlegm, fo arrenuates:
divides, moves and worksit, that by corghing and fpitting it
expectorates and throws up al! fich matter “sith the greatett
Eafe and Pleafyre, thereby cleanfng ana Seeing the” Rreak
and Lungs, when ftuffed upand ciogzed with a hewy Load, and
fa prevents Confiumptions, Uleers of the Lungs, &e ote

It is 2 fre and pieafant Medicine ; to be taken by fooontir's,
according to the printed Djretions, without the leaft Confine-
ment, ordanger of' catching Cold. To be had ac Mr. Georg
Strahan’s at the Golden Ball over agnink the Koyal Exchange,
Comhiil, and at nootker Place. Pricezs, 6d. >

Signed Sed NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordia}.
Tincture forthe Nerves, being an approved, exneyienoat”
and never-failing Medicament In tinking, languiring,. ana
Jownots of Spirits, Palpitation, or Trembling of the Heart, in
all paralitick, foporofe and convulfive Diftempers, and in all.
Affictions of the Head and Nerves ; it infallibly prevents the
bad- Effects of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which orcafions
in moft Péople the above-mentioned Diforders (with mang .
more, which you'l fee at large in the Book of printed Direti-
ons) but yet by taking 2 few Drors of this moi pleafant da-
licate Cordial, in the firft Dith of Coff-2 or Te1, you may then
drink at Liberty; for this great Medicine oene! rates thraigh
the whole ng vous Syftem, and fo recrui’sthe Brain and Pre.
cordia witha full Intiux o“exulting Spirts, wich perronn ths
Rufinels of vital Function with freth Alacrity, and new Risk.
nes; fo that the Rulfe, which tay fecble and wavering, now
falls a beating vigorovily, and with great Exaétnefs; mare-
ever, it wondérfully difporfes Fear, Sadness, eanfus'd Thoug*ts,
-Twitchings of the Legsand Arms, difturb‘d Sleer, and all the
difmal Train of Vapours and Mclancholy. It likewif ftong
Vomiting, puts of Nautopmhef, procures 2 good Anpetite,
and is now in t Eftecm amongt Quality of the firt. Rank, -
Sold anty at G. Srrahan’s, Booxkfeller, at the Golden Ball in

Gprniuilt over againft the Royal-Exchange, and at no
piace. brice as. 6d. oo & Ome
 ge

4 Holdford, E.lty one of the Ma- "The chymical Liquar for the Hair, ite GUTTE BALSAMIC HK. a,
Thee oe oe Re ofUhanecry, cape Marifion W ich giadually changes rede Bitty, vt Hair of any other Te healing, ftrengthenihy, invigorating Drops, ae
Houle, tately bali, called Bedgbury, with fuitable, Ofhees dif greeable Colour, whether or the Head or Bye tris, A fo judiioutly eontny d, una efficdeiouily adapted jet oho
and good Gardensand kit Ponus 5. together with Lands and into any Degree of a Brown, or, by obiirving the Directlons [Care of the feverdl hinds and Degrees of Old at Now
Wonllands, ofthe Yearly Value of bool, per Ann. befides{ given with each Buttle, Into the mof bewututlil’ Dluck ju iva- (GLEKTS and WEAKNESSES, both of the GLANDS and . 4
Timber: asalfo the Mannors of Bedgbury, Gouduuif, and | tute, that neither The ner Weather can ulters for the Co- SHUN ALS, whether incturnal or Giurnal, by over-ftrtine
Ford, late the Eftute of Sir James Huycs, nut. decedied, the flow will for ever remain as lively asic it naturally grow ib. fing, Self-Abides, or other Clutfes, that they may ence: -
faid Fate being very improvable, there Lelng aware in moft [lt has, with a general Satisfaction tothe World, becn fold Gils Ply be rely'd upoil. ‘They in the fir Place cleante, where |
* Parts of the {uid Land, and Iron Aiines, thefaid rionie and [ten Years by Mx, Lockton, only, at theGrilfin, the Corner ot | there lg.uny Fouln.{5, then enliven, corroborate, and reftoie,
P being in the Counry of kent, within elght Miles Buckler’s-diwy, in che vonltry, whore a Lock of Hair may bef and bring, by Licgrees, the debilirated, impotent, andalmoi .—
of Tunbridge Wells. The faid Hoult velng comp eatly fur- | feen that was ftain'd with it before it wus firit expos'd to fic. | worl ouc Warts to their duc natural Screngthand % a |
nifked. the Purehater may allo have tle whu.e, oF flich Part {Price half a Guinea a Hottle. - Lf it does not prove infallibic, | is a Medicine of a chymical, fublime Excraction, folded up. -
thereof us thall be defires at reafonuble Kates, Particulars Jreturn the {-iquor, andthe teney thallbe repaid. “Where isfon Keufon, und contiriid by Kupzrience, ina long Serics of
may be had athe fud Mafter’s Chambers in Syrharid’s-inn {allo fold, The fovereign secret for diffoiving STONE, and | Practice, to perform all what is poilibte inthele Weakzefles
in Cbancery. Lane , expelling tue GRAVISL, being an approved Speeitick, with | and Denclencies, tor any intcinal Kemedy to do. They ab-
ONSUMPTIONS of all ots radically cur's, ny adamons |*™P# iteetions,’ Price 21. 6.4. a Bottle crowd down Upon, an More at more flan aed aebiieate |
‘of all forts radically curd, . pon, and more more relax and debliirate
C Elst? peeuliatly mnvented fer that Difeate (ce wondertl That ipacial Notice 1s given, to prevent MifaKes the {the already weaken'd Genitals, rectly thelr injur'd done,
Hicacy futhiciently explodes the cironeaus Opinion, thas Con- | “ee ae io ee ih oe Noy a Toyflop, overagauut (afd recaver thelr elaitick Force and Faculty. Nor have
wn tions are incurable, fince it abfukitely reiieves the Paticnt, the G y t Gate of th ae aE neta nee: yinoPs they, in any wilt, been Jefs fuccofsfil In Curing the Difeaies,
tho’ redue'd to a mucr Skeleton, quickly taneg off ali the eared And af t oY ent Cortnerielts and overcoming tc Inibecilities of the urinary Patlages,
Symptons, as Cough, Hourlenek, heefing, Shortnefs ot Hat the fo neh te oF and only true Uriginal Royal Chy. | Which by Cunt nt of Parts, are oftentimes fo refax'd,.or o- +
Breath, Pain or Weight in the Brcuit, Spitting of Blood, Sore- | "Tic Gann eBulls tor beenacifvines the Face, INuck & Han fy | therwite(mpulr'd, that the Cecatlons to make Water are too
nef of the Stomach, Thront of Wirdplpe Alfo Catarrhs or | 2 wore remaved t ° Mi an 3 Li fome Years ago, to pre- | aulck, or tou frequents or it comes away too flow, or drib-
xions of tharp beum, and a!l phthyfies: and afthnatiral ~ Intnolitions: (th Ta thot which can, and will be atceit. | Pilag’, or ishot, tharp, thready, or fouls and isfuinetimes -
s, hoétic Fever, &e perteéily cures all internal Wicer's ‘de oft po Ans ( 4 bat M *t "tiezofe atid Mrs. Giles) hardly elther to be heid or made at ud, And befides thelr
reftores all inward Wattings, Weaknefs and Decay of Nuttre, [oO Wii id ondv an MS Alle t's Fovihop, at the Biuc- | eing fo balCumick, comforting, and ftrengthening to the
being ba!famic and ftrengthening beyond Compariton. It aflia- |v Roe JO Oy at Nit, pion tixchange’ uate in Corn-| eins and generative Facultics, they are as great a iweete
redly eradicates the firft Principie or Caufe of Confumptions, |) 17!) a¥a,on eae a Milliner: next: He wes-Pillars-Alley, | 2¢P.0. the blood us Nature and Art ean turmith 5 correct
rectifying the Diforders of the Stomach and firft Paflages, crea- ‘ eet An! "ie 1 itrowt date cic euch Fall its Acilities, cure all its Scurveys, imvigorate the whole
ting an Appetite, procuring a good Digeftion, rediicing the Yhe have Me helen Mrs hour ‘fed and admired by | Coaltitutjon, and ciedr it abfolutely and placidly of a'l noxi-
vicious Ferment of the Biood and Juices, correcting the acrid |, y aan f the ie re tall and many thoufunds off O14 Relicks, which by feerctly lurking afcer [l-manag‘d Cures,
Salts that erode the Lungs, certainly healing Ulcers therein, | Xes di th ne ts o Pr sh fy delieutely fort and foyr the Juices, diforder the Spirits, and imprine various [- .
and iniailibly curing all forts of Confiynptions, tho’ never fo npanedd aud © Oot or ina ood tn “an Wath, &e, of any | €asand Anxietieson che Mind; an: yet there isfeldom a Cafe
bad, ina very fhoit Time, toa Miracle. “Price 75. 6d. a Bot- Rink My i not to ve Pray im Ne nocwithita dding what fs | Liat requires the taking of more than one Bottle, Price a
tle, with Directions. 1s fold only at Mr. Radéord’s Toyshop, faid tothe the contrary by Pretenders y .or thefe Nallsare in- | Guinea. Prepared by J. Marten, Surgeon, at his Lodgings at
at the Rof and Crown aganft St. Clement's Choreb-Yar in ad othe & he contrary i ; rete ey i: ing ff all Deformi- the Soden ‘heak-fheat, the Mid cok the Old Hatley, w cre
the Sirand, near Arunde!-Strect End. tics, as Tetters, ign-worms, Marphew, Sunburn, Scurt, reetlonae C had by any Meffenger, ready fual'd up with Di-
Pimples, Pits or Rednefs of the Snuali-pox, and keeping IC
ofa lattirg and extream Whitenefs. ‘They foon alter tid
or rongh Hands; are admirable in fhaving the Head 5 th?
nut only give a more cxguifite marpnefs to the Kazor, but iv
conrort the Brain and Nerves, ap to prevent catching Cold.
They are of agratetul and pieafint Scent, without tue leait
Grain of Merctiry, and may de caten tortheir Satety.
N in‘allible eure for the SCORYV ¥ inal its te and
ymptoms in both Sexcs, and in Perfons of al) Ages ANAT tee Concommitants, the wretcher ‘L11n of
Conflitutions, by wnparallel’d chymical Drops, wiieu Pum Y | Difteniper, axa mticous, filthy, tanlous Mater (cdg tin the
the Blood and Juices, rectify and fweeten all the Fluids, Gace’ | Reins, or fpermatick Parts, which either cade a therphefsin
them from all Impuritics, and perfectly clear the whole F1a-| the Urine, or too frequently provokes it. This Kelick ia
bit of all Spots, Blotches, Surielts, Itchings, breakings out, | dicoyerable, partly by the filfeous i.
» : a j ing ail ( : y by the fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a-
aad every other Cfilement of the § A etna feerbuticl: y.| Vebllity or Weuknels of the Back, a fetid nauftous, and
Wenknels and Imbccility common to many {corbutich averting Smeli of the Urine, with © purulene Avatter, or.

e
funs, atfolutely eradicating the Scurvy, and all its attendant | fecwont Sordey, refidin at the Bor
Symptoms in a molt wondertn! Manner, entirely deftroying Varlecy of igures, Fa ther, this Ein cre eet y by with
ic R “r Ae oF Th Ae, witht to retuen agains and chat ino of all Relicks of the Veneies: Ditente, ufter ill managed
ver ort space o ine, Withou Cc Ne. . LixUN ' , ne: * a
or Confinement, as Thoulands kave experienced. Ate sold on- , Hot only cleanting the Urinary Paftages of all Sind,

: Grivel, Iiims, or membraneous Pellicles, Ee. but atre
which is the reafon of its being made publick, and to obvi- 1¢ Author's Appointinent, by the Gentlewoman at the | 73 t Ethene 9 S6C. DUE Alter 2.
ate the ignorance of pretenders jn all'the caits above-men. | iy by the Amen in Fr aydon- Yard iv the Minories, at a8, 6d. fingular Ethency,, invigorating the Kens, reftorlng them, and
‘tioned. One bottle, in mot cates, is fiificient ora perfe+t jg Bottle, with Direétiops , the Misiey iy ko their original ‘Tone and Ufe, though
euic, as you will fee by the dire ticns given with it, Sold fr , . . i ‘Straw tung and Decay be of the longeft Date, with an e-
78. 6d. the bottle at Mr, Lockton's coythop at the Grifin, | 74° To Reltaten ‘any Scufon of the Yean “eisai Direetlons for ts ule only at his Houde. ¢ Golden’ Head

. The. , wl yr C 0 , , - ; athis Hou 1¢ Go a
the corner of bucklersbury in the poultry. A Certain and infullibie Cure for the SCORVY, of the | and two Lamps in Bell-Savage Yurd on Livdgate ii cad
HE bet Water inthe World, fo call’d by thofe who have | 42 longeft fanding, and the moft aggravated Circumftunces,
T experienced itte befo forthe Itch, or any Itching -Hu- by a Cordial Elixir, fo peculiarly ipted to that liitafe in
mours. It hath been taken inwardly for the King’s-Evil. Jt | all its Forms of appearing, from the {ighteft itching Mumour
is good to cure fre Exes, ot any other Sores, Vieers, or Fi- | in the Blond, to its utmoft or tat Effore on human Nature :
ftuas; it has preferved Ceveral from having their Limbs cut off, | It's not a rugged : urgative that difturbs the Putient in ta-
when all other Means have failed. Sold by the Perfon that} king it, but a true Specitick Cordia!, thac perfectly cures
makes it, at the Sign of the Green Canifter next to the Dog | that Dittemper by gentle Evacuation, by Stuol and Urine,
and Bear Inn at London Wail near Little Moregate, who is! and fo powerfully rectifies the Biood and Juices, that ftro-
the Original and only Perfon that can make it. Soldby Mr. { phu‘ous Cafts are allo {peedily evfred by ic: and all Spots,
Gouge at the Cattle in Weftminfter-Hall, Mr. Radford’s| Blutcaes, Pimples, &e. on the Skin, are quickly and entire-
Toythop at the Rofe and Crown ovcr-againit St. Clement's} ly tuken off, It isa Cordial in the Stomach, removes all Pain
Chureh-Yard in the Strand near Arundel-ftreet, Mr. Raw's at {iron it, helps Digcition, and is fo particularly adapted to all
the North Entrance of the R oyal-Eschange, over-againft Bar. | Conftirutions, that it is the moft general Family. Medicine
tholomew-Lane, Mr. Stewart Bawycr, Rock eller, under Ald. [| that ever was known, to be taken Spring and | all, to pie-
gate Church over-againft the Minories, Mr. Fan, Braihmaker | ferve Health. It hinders no Rufinelg or Recreation in taking
in St.Mary Ax. N.B. Ic hasnoSmell. Price is. 6d.cachfit. It is fold at the Golden Ba'l, on Vuddle-Dock Hill near
Bottle, with printed Cire&tions bow to ufe it, What is fold] Ludgate-Street, at 38. the Bottic. Where good Allowance
elfewhere cannot be depended on, being countericited. js given y Whiolefale to Country Shopkccpers, &e. (oneina
: e . , . City, or Town) to {well again. The Directions given with it
A new Edition i. Ju publifhed, or SECRET | ore large and full : ‘The Medicine willkeep many Years.
RISFASE, @ GLEET, and a Broken THE pleafine ODQRIFEROUS TINCTURE. or the
Conititntion by fat Living, former Cures, Breath, Teeth and Gums, a few Drops of which Inftint.
> Solivations, Mercury, &e, teaching Perfons | ly make the moft offenfive Breath finell incomparably fine and
to underttond Kis! thy thelr own Catt, and | ciarming, and in a very fhort Time perfectly cures, fo that a
FS ESO cocure theinelves withaut making their | ditigrecable Breath wil never return; it certainly fnakes the
O\h Condition known to any one, Dedieated | bitched and moft foul Teeth extremely white, clean and beat-
ne to Dr. Chamberien. This highly  wfeful] titul at once Wing, infatlibly preferves them from decaying,
and inftrudtive tittle ook is Given Gratis Up Ene Pair of] and thofe a little decayed from growing worl, abfolutely cures
Stairs at the Celebrated Anodyne NEGKLACE, Reeom- | the Seutvy in the Guns, tho (never fo Jnveterate cat nig the
mended by Dr. Chamberlen for Children’s Teeth, | nent tn tlie rein " Brew ae the Teeth apathy ) en My ws eaten fl €
ut Temp'e-Dar, and at Mr. Jerembi .
; j " “id- vom Cern : “ALT : | ,
apt over againgt the Re alcExchan rc. Where ure to be had | moft excellent! white, cortainly faftening them when loft
the famous Anodyne NECKLAC $ for Children's Teeth | cfeétnally preferving them from rotting or ecay and af
fealed up alang with the Liquid Coral to make thie Gum Wwe A EE One ecitald In he Gt a itor ere itp ae
; without Prin. Price both to- é . ‘
say for the Pe one Medtoral LUOAENGES for that | the Rofe and Crown againtt St. Clement's Chutch- Yard in the
Fincatiicts at Stomach called the HKART-BOUN, fx-pence Strand. newt ariinie Stregt End. Price g@. 6d. a Bottle,
‘ , oo with Dire F

Paper, _ / |
LOM DON: Siiatel by N. ALIST, in Gre at-Carter-Lane,

—

Note, His Treatife (a tew being lett) of Venereal Dif-

cafes, ‘and all the Diforders and imbecilities of the fecret

Parts, in the two Sexca, (7th Edition) may be alfe had af

him. Yriee 78, éd. bound, above z7000 of their feveral Ee.

ditions tying Leen fold, ,
WRIGH'T's Dinretlex, or cieanfing Tinetnre.

W ich urinihly difchurges all the fecesor putrid 1elicks of
the ‘Lucs Alamode, or Vencreul Intection, and eauftes

The Grand Specifiek for cleanfing aud ftrengthning the
ims, &

eins, &e,

Medicine that may be depended on as abfolutcly effectual

A for carrying off by Urine, fafely atid fpeedily, all the
Relicks ut feeret Injuries, Remains 0” vernicious wnskilfilly
repared inercurials, gleets, or weaknefie:, through tedious or
-managel cures of the Venereal Difeale 5 or from felt-pao-
fution, inordinate coitior ; alfoany weaknefics of the Vefiels
1 wrenches, ftrains, biows, or’ f7!'s, and all other obftructi-
ons in the urinary pathig , even an gay tes nicers, &e, are
perfectly cured by it, be they of cver fo Jong ftanding. ‘This
noble ipccifick is alfo of fingular and very extraordinary ule
and efficacy, where these is any gavel, or even {mall frones,
flime, or any other matter that obftructs the urine; bringing
all away in a few times taking, with ffety, It ftrengthens
an€ tccovers, after a peculiar manner, all relaxations of the
veftels, confirms the parts, bringtng all into right order, and
thereby perfects the enreto admiration. It's avery pleafant
medicine, and may be taken with pleafure, and will be found
of tnecommon benefit to mankind, beyond expedation ,

‘Yo Smell to, &e.

Th E moft Noble Volatile Smelling Bottle in the World

. Which finel.ed toy momentarfly fetches the moft difm
fainting ur fwooulng Fits, and ina Moment renoves Kluth-
ings, Vapours, Dulnefts, Head-ach, Megrinw, &e. It tukes
uff ull heavy Sleepinets, retards Swooning, keeps up the
Spuits to a Miracle, und by its Ufe admits of no Fainting
but invigorates and enlivens the whole Man 4 recreates, and
Inakes cheaifil, uw though never fo fad, and in a Moment
ruifes ali the fendtive Facnitles: Ic is atfe to be taken in-
wardly hy Dros, whith effectually takes off und eradicates
the very Caules for it potently relieves, comforts and
ftrengthens the Krain, ereutes anu corroborates a Stomach,
removes Sickie from it, Lelps Digeftion, e:eantts the Blood, *
and ina Word, Is the Breatctt Cephalick, Stomatick, He-

dtick, and powertil romatick polfible; thesetire is cx.

ream nceeiiuy for all Gcnelemen, Ladies, &e. always to.
be cwiticd in thelr Pockets. Sold now only at Mr. Mark. -
hams Toyihop, ac the Seven Stas under St. Dunttan’s
Church, kivet-itreet, and at Mr. King's Picture Shop in the -
Poultry, at as, 6d, each,

. a T the HUNGARY WATER WAKF:
mn’ a, SH Ld HOUSE, at the Black Hoy and Comb,
a @ Comb-Makers, the Corner of’ Rell-Savage-
Inn on Ludgate-HIll, is fbld right French
} Flungary Water, being the dame Sort {ol
j Jeveral Years paft, and is caflly didinguithe
from the pernicious counterfle Sort fold ae
bout the ‘Town, pretended to be imported.
ontpeller, &e, I tkewlfe the following foreign Gom-
modities are Sold at the fume Place, viz.
TUghe b'rctich Hungary Water, ut: 6 sd. the Half-Pine

if) oi
Kine Florence Oll, at 28. per Finst.
Right Irlfh Ufquebargh, at as. the Halt-pla
Mie Orangg-} lower Water, at 14 6d. per
All Borts of Leghorn and Bermuda Hatte for Ladies.
N. B, There is 4 Sign-Paper on cach Boptle wad Fhush, te.
prevent Couriterfesta, ;

a

t Rottile,
Flask,

+
 “

-MIST’s WEEKLY JOURNAL.

1725.

SATURDAY, JUNE 26,

c he ought never to give an Enemy an Opporyu-
‘ nity upon his Flight from the Battle, of f{tri<
‘ king him in the fame Place. .

“ There is another Account concerning the.O-
rigin of this Ceremony, which I fhall bately
mention, without any Remark ; namely, thar .
it was derived from the Sword, when the mili-
tary Oath was taken by the Soldiers under the
Roman Emperor gulian, Gladio Cexvicibus admote,
mention’d by Marcellinus. : :

‘ Degree of a Baron, except only Bannerets, and
‘ of late. Days to Colonels of Horfe. |

¢ His white Girdle or Belt repreients the Vertue
of Chaftiry, not in Oppofition to Marriage,
but to impure and criminal Love, which Knights
ought particularly to.derelt, as being the avow-
ed Guardians of Female Vertue and Honour.

¢ The Ceremonial direéts, that the Lords, who
by the Sovereign’s Appointment fliall put on the
Spurs, do likewife make the Sign of the-Crofs

Rene Publick. has been amufed with

Wt the Ceremony of inftalling the
Knights of the Bath, but leaft the
People, who faw them wear thofe
Feathers and Robes, &c. fhou'd
an =) be apt to think there’s nothing in it
imore than mere Fageantry, Mr. Anftis aflures us,
there is a Symbol or Type in every particular Or-.
nament worn by thofe Gentlemen, which he has

vA" ww nr An

| en on. a . a . ae . |

very ingenioufly explain’d, and from him we fhall
make bold fto borrow it for the Diverfion of our
Readers. -

« Concerning the allegorical Conftru€tion of the
Ceremonies ufed throffehout the whole Procefs

on each Knee of the Knight, and feveral Mo-
numents of Knights were lately, if nor ftill, re-
maining, having Crofles planted in this Manner

on their Knees.
‘The Sword is defign’d as a Token of the

News from the Dead, in a Letter from Mr. 70-
fandto the Author of the Grosnds and Reafons of
the Chriftian Religion, :

Ce 2 ne ne

of conferring this Dignity, and the myftical
Signification of the particular Make, and diffe-
rent Colours of the Materials, which are exprefly
enjoin’d by the Formulary, whereof I premis’d
to give fume Account: I fhall now curforily
remark, that the Humour of former Ages dif
pofed them to be very particular and prolix in
the Explanation of Forms. , ,

‘ Bathing, from whence thefe Knights took their
Appellation, reprefents the Purgation of the
Perfon bath’d from Sin, and from all Kinds of
moral Impurity; asa Perfon by Baptifm is fan-
&tified by a Principle of inward and fpiritual
Grice. ; a
¢ After bathing, he is put into a new and, clean
Bed, to denote that perfect and {cdate Compo-
fure of Mind, with which a Courfe of vertuous
Atchievements, in hisnew Military State, is to
be finally rewarded.

¢ After he hath for fome Time repofed himfelf,
Robes of Crimfon, or red Tartarin were deli-
vered to him, by which figniticant Rite and
Ornament. he is inftru&ed, that the Duty of
his new Military Office requires; he fhould,

ao CF KHEe ABNOR

weak Men againft the frong.

eA Raw KR KRM KA A

*
~~ a2 f fh
i oe a oi we a anne

" :
ly cnallenge or reproach him.

ble of any real Indignity or Affront.

thofe whereby an
racter as a Man of Honour.

A ~~ He eH eR DT

Knights declaring open Defiance to the Devil, and
of his refolving to defend Religion, and the
Duties of his Calling with all Vigour and Con-

ftancy, particularly to undertake the Protetion
‘and Defence of poor Men againft Rich, and of

‘'The Coife, white Covering, and white Hat
upon the Head, imports in the moral Defign of
ir, that as a Knight is under indifpenfable Obli-
gations, in Virtue of his Chara@er and Funion,
to perform good and commendable Works ; fo he
oughr to preferve a pure Confcience before God,
and fhould be careful never to-do, never to de-
fign any thing for which his Mind may inward-

‘ The Blow on the Neck is intended as a Me-
morial to him, that he ought not to be infenfi-
That Ho-
nour isa tender Paint, that no Impreffions are
fooner felt, or ought to be longer retain’d, than
Perfon fuffers in his Cha-

‘ This Azcount of the myftick Signification in

SIR,

T HE brave Attack you have made upon Chri-
ftianity, in your endeavouring to fan both its
Grounds and Reafons, is a noble Initance of your
Loyalty’ to his Satanick Majefty, and of your un-
fhaken Refolution for the Enlargement of the
infidel Empire.

But I am commanded to acquaint you, that the
Prophecies and Miracles upon which the Chri-
ftians lay fo much Strefs, is a Fortrefs fo well.
guarded, that you muft not be di(courag’d if your
Attempts have nor all the Succefs that is due to
your unfhaken Zeal for Infideliry.

Our Emperor, from che Experience of 1700
Years, has found, thit rhofe thar are real Chri-
(tians, are never to be fubdu'd by any epen Attack
upon their Religion, nor by any Violence againg
their Perfons. One of the wrongeft Steps thet
ever was taken by this politick Government, was
to endeavour to fubverr Chriftianity at ics firft
Appearance, by Racks, Croffes, Flames, and o-
ther Tortures: The great Refolution that the
Chriftians fhew’d under all thefe, had an Effe%
very contrary to what was intended, and ftrange.

giving the Blow, is agreeable to the Opinion

for the Service of the Chriftian Religion, and
for the Church, be ready to expofe himfelf,
whenever there may be juft Occufion, to the
ereateft Difficulries and Dangers ; tho’ fuch as
may occafton the fhedding his Blood; and thefe
Robes are guarded, lined, or edg’d with white
Silk, as emblematical of that immaculate Ho-
nour, which in the Virme of his Knighthood,
he is inviolably oblig’d to preferve and main-
tain. |

¢ The Chauffes Semelees, ox black.Srockings feal’d
with Leather, are intended, as feveral other
Materials of that Colour, in the allegorical Con-
ftru&ion of them, for a Document of Humility ;
reminding him of his firft ExtraQion, in refpedt

which hath prevail’d in later Times; but fince {ly contributed to the Ent: : : -
learned Men have made different Conje€tures tian Empire. largement of the Chri-
coucerning the Origin of ir, as I have in ano- His Majefty therefore found it neceffary tc
ther Place obferv’ds ic may be convenient to{ form new Schemes, and to feduce thofe b Ge ro
propote fome of them, which have been thought | whom he could not fubdue by Force: Thovall ch t
amoft {pecious, to the Reader, that he may judge! Atcempts of our old Pagan Friends were bafll in
for himfelf concerning the Propriety of them. |the wond’rous Suceefs of the new Scheme nicl
‘ There are Authors who have derived that} ly appear’d : Men of great Subtilry amone hes
‘ Blow from the Stroke given by the Romans, | licclefiatticks were employ’d to raife Dif ame eC
* per Vindittam, with the Rod, upon any Perfon, | againft the fundamental Articles of their Reli; ‘one
‘ on his receiving Manumtfhion : Others have de- Thus in how fhort a Time did Arianuifn gion.
© duced it from the Stroke that the Bifhops fre-| fpread the Chriftian World 2 who were broushe
‘ quently give to Perfons confirmed by them : O- {to furrender their Faith and Bibles to araho oot
‘ thers contend, that it was given upon the Crea-|the great Prophet. ‘The Revival of this Sel wey
to his mortal and material Part, the Earth, out }* tion of a Knight, with fuch Violence, that he | in this prefent Age, has already very much rene
of which his Body was originally forin’d, and {© fhould, by the fenfible Impreffion of it, be more | moted the Caufe of Infidelicy. y very much Dro
into which it muft fometime certainly be re~j* powerfully and permanently reminded of his) Great Ufe being to be made of fome amone the
c One

¢

4

<

4

.

‘

AR A KRARAHK RAH ARR KR KE
Ce ot ko. i Te ms

anewanaanane

folv'd, , -Profeffion ; which Opinion appears confonant.to| Clergy, therefore you a eena ie
and Adtivity, in the Purfuit of Military Adven- The Notions and Pra@ice of a calm ne nn
tures and Honour, a ready and chearful Obe- fturb’d Devotion will foon extineui th that "ze 1
dience to any furperior Command, fuch as him- and Concern for Religion which the Chriai cal
felf fhou’d-think reafonable to be obey’d, with- have fo much boutted ot. This has alres de aie
out Scruple or Regret, by thoic, over whom/}* cial Reafon, to be particularly remember'd. pared Mens Minds.to throw off all Conec y oa
he might be placed in any Degree of:Authority;| * Some Ceremonials of Knighthood prefuppofe, | a future State, and, with the generous Fre -d 7,
efpecially where:Circumftances, wou'd.not ad- |‘ indeed, another Reafon for the Rite of the] both of thinking and ating A indil @ all hei.
mit any Difpute or Delay. And here: I am to)‘ Blow, and fay, it was appointed in Memory of | Paffions and Appetites. _ ” Se ae ener
obferve, that according to the Heraldick Sy-j‘ our Saviour's being buffetted and fmitten for our} ‘The Principles fo bravely advanced py: h ‘
« ftem, Spurs are carrjed among other Trophies, |‘ Offences, Se _ | Dutch Dottor, in his'Fable of the Bees wl met ‘he :

« at the Funeral of a Knight of the Bath; a Pri-] ‘ This Blow was given probably on the Back | proves, that private Vices ave publick Bene is, ha ~
.¢ Vilege ngt allowed to any other Perfon under the {° of the Shoulders, ‘or Neck, that the Perfon who by the Affittance of our Temples in ve , he RES
Oo Brice Two Pence}. ‘ received it fhould continually remember, thatland the Haymayfer, added more SubieXs ip our ER.

an ancient Cultom of the Romans, tranfmitted
from them to the Germans, of giving ‘a Blow to
a Perfon, who might be call’d ,upon to atteft
any Thing in Evidence, that happen’d at the
Time the Blow was given, or was, for fome fpe-

eanhnrnananaanan

 Empire, than al] the elaborate Writings of Spi-
nofa, Hebs, or Le Clarke : |
The Bravery of the DoQor meets with the
higheft Applaufe here, who, under the Umbrage
of- his noble Patron, dar’d reprint. his Book, in
Defiance of a Court of Jultice, whére i¢ was pre-
fented. ,

While fuch Numbers are daily inoculating the
Doétor’s Principles into their Practice, your La-
bours againft Chriftianity can have no Effet but
among the graver Sort ; for the-Sake ‘of thefe it
is requifite, that you, and others, of our Friends,
keep up the higheft Pretences to Honour and Ho-
nefty, and often appear in the Chriftian Churches,
by which you may induce others to have the fame
mean Conceptions of the eftablifhed Religion, as
you fo happily poffefs ; but by this it 1s not inten-
ded you fhould be deprived of the Indulgence of
any pleafing Paffion or Appetite, fo as it he gra-
tified with Privacy. a

The State of our Affairs amongft thofe that
eall themfelves Proteftants, is now in fo flourifh-
ing a Condition, that you muft not expect to hear
from me, unlefs-there fhould happen to be fome
fudden Change; jn this Cafe you may expect frefh
Dire&tions. |

FOREIGN AFFAIRS

They write from Petersburgh, that on the firft
of Junc, New Stile, the Marriage betwixt the
Duke of Holftein and the Princefs Anna Petrowna,
was celebrated in the Church of the Trinity,
with great Pomp and Ceremony.weetee~'The Mar-
riage Ceremony being over, they proceeded with
great Order and Magnificence to a great Hall,

‘puilr in the pleaftire Gardens of the Emprefs,
where Tables were prepared for the Company ;
on one Side fat the Dukeof Holftcin, with the
~ Counts Appraxin and Galeskin, who officiated us

‘his Fathers, with feveral Noblemen, who appear’d ¢

as his Brothers. Atthe ather End {atthe
Princefs Anna, with the Dutchefs of Mecklenberg
and the Princefs Menzikof, who, upon that Oc-
-eafion were her Mothers, and feveral other La-
_ dies, who were her Sifters. On each Side
of the Hall was a Jarge Table cover’d with twelve
- Orange-Trees, adorn’d with Feftoons and Flow-
ers, on-cach of which fat a Dove with an Ar-
row in its Bill, anda Quiver gilt hanging down
by it. -——=— When the Marriage was aver, the
Emprefs invefted the Bride with the Order of St.
Catharine, an Order inftitured by the late Em-

eror for Ladies; the Badge of whichis a white
Ribbon hung crofs the Breaft, with a Medal
adorn’d with Diamonds hanging at the End of it,
having the Piure of St. Catharine on one Side,
and on the other a Crafs patee, the Motto being
Pro Fidelitate &° Amave ; For Love and Fidelity.

A Plot was lately form’d for the taking away
King Sraniflaus’s Life, by the Application of poy-
_ fen’'d Tobacco ; But the fame was happily dtfco-
yer'd and prevented, and, no Doubr, the Authors
of the Treafon will be exemplarily punifhed.

From Dublin, June 15. That John Prat, Efq;
Deputy-Vice-Treafurer, and Pay-Mafter-Genera
of Ireland, (formerly hinted at in this Paper to
be greatly deficient in his Accounts) is committed
to Prifon, and fuceeeded by Luke Gardner, Eiq;—
The Lord Kingfland is dead. —— Mr. Simon Al-
cock, Surveyor of the Cuftoms there, being dif-
erder’d in his Senfes, ran his Sword into hjs
‘Breaft; but ftopping at a Bone, drove it after~
wards, with all his Force, flaunting thro’ his
Body, and was going to repeat the Stroke, but
‘was prevented by his Servants; however, his
Life was defpair’d of. ae

They write fromthe Fe, that inthat Circuit,
upwards of 100 Prifoners have been, or will
be, clear’d from Goal, for Fines, Felonics , agd o-

ther Mifemeanors, as Obje&s ef Compaffion, by
fome of the Lords the Judges, and we hear a Par-
dan is paffing the Seals for them.

From Guilford; That a Man in that Neigh-
bourhood is committed to Goal. for a barbarous
Murther done by him a Year ago. ‘The Fa& was
difcower’d by his Mother. — ,

From Stoskton in the North; ‘That Mr. John
Cook an eminent Merchant inthat Town, cut
his ‘Throat the 16th Inftant. , 7
oy LONDON, . Pune 26.

Wée have repeated Accounts of the-vaft Damage
done by the Rains and Floods from the diftant
Parts of the Kingdom; ten Thoufand Pounds
worth of Hay Ground is cover’d with Water in
the Vale of Elwyd in the County of Denbigh.—
In fome Parts of Bedfordfhire the Water has been
two Foot high in the Houfes.’

The Parliament, which ftood prorogued to the
1ft.of July, is further prorogued to the 12th of
Augult. ,

The Carew, Captain Roberts, was loft on the
Bar of Oporto, the Men and part of the Cargo
fav'd.-—John and Francis, Captain Jacobs, bound
from Stetin to Dublin, was lately loft on the
Coaft of Scotland. |

Deaths, Cheney, Lord Colepeper, in his Re-
tirement at Havefton-St.-John, in Norfolk, aged
85: He was the third Son of the Lord of that
Name, fo often mentioned by the Earl of Claren-
don: He left the World in the Reign of King
Charles II. upon a Difguft at the Eftablifhment
of the Life-Guards, whom he call’d the Seeds
of a ftanding Army : He was very zealous for the
prefent Eftablifhment, yet could never be pre-
vail’d upon to take the Abjuration Oath.——The
eldeft Son of Lord Hilsborough, of the Small-

Pox, by Inoculation! —— Tho. Bere, Efq; one of

ommiffioners. for the Viualling, and Member
of Parliament for Tiverton, Devon. George
England, Efq; «it his Scat at Norfolk.——John Of-
fley, Efq; near Ifleworth, Middlefex. —Mr. Pen-
fent, Vicar of Codecot in Herefordfhire, drowued.
Great Complaints are made by the Merchants
of the Weft-Indies, of the Spanifh Governors of
Cuba and Carthagena, who fit out Ships under
Pretence of guarding the Coaft; but take, ina
pyratical Way, all they can meet with of all Na-
tions, as has been amply fer forth in the Hiftory of
the Pyrates: The laf Accounts inform’d us of a
Ship from London, called the Princefs of Portu-
gal, raken and carried into St. Jago of Cuba ;
which, however, after a while, when the Cargo
was eat up by a long T'ryal at Law, where Juttice
went all on one Side, he was allow’d to come
away withthe Ship. —~- Since this, the Anna
Maria of Briftol, was taken and carry‘d into the
fame Harbour. ‘They write, -that the Governor
him(elf has fitted out thefe Veffels, and is provi-
ding feveral others, which are partly mann‘d
with the Englith Pyrates that furrender'd at Porto-
Bello, under Captain Traylor, (after Captain Bng-
land was marroon’d) in the Caffandra. The Ship
mention’d in our Journal, June 5, to be taken by
the Diamond, belong’d to the faid Governor, from
on board of which, Taylor himfelf, with 30 or
4o of the {aid Englifh Pyrates, made their Efcape
afhore on a Float.
OF 19 Miners that were hired at Falmouth, by
the Royal African Company, to work in their
Gold Mines in Africa, a Remnant of five have
been lately brought home. from Cape Coaft bythe
Hamilton, Captain Kirk, and landed at the fame
Place they were fhipp’d from. ‘The refi dy’d in
she Country. They went out two Years ago.

tthe Gentlemen of Parliament are retix’d, moft

of them, to their Country Seats.
Honours ang Rreyrotiens, Dariol Lord Figch is

re-elafied Reprefentative for the County of Rar.
land.——————-. John Thurloe Brace, Efq;. is ele.’ ©
&ed Member of Parliament for Bedford, in the |
Room of George Huxley, made a Commiffiener - .
for the ViGualling the Navy. St. John _
Charlton, Efq; is chofen alfo for Bruges, ‘alias’:
Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, ‘in the Roons:-
of William Whitmore, Efq; deceated, meaeeem Si; -
Paul Merhuen, is re-elefted Reprefentative of.
the Town of Brackley, in Northampton, — Ed-
ward Thompfon is re-elefted for York. The
Reverend Dr. Smith is chofen Le&urer of the
new Parifh Church in George-Streer, in the
Room of the Bifhop of. Limrick in Ireland.
The Rev. Mr, Cackfhute, Fellow of Chrif’s
College in Cambridge, is prefented to the Living
of Kegworth in Leicefterfhire. The Rev.
Mr. Sam. Rogers to the Vicarage of San&e Cru-
cis in Gloucetterfhire. —Mr. John Ephin-
fton, late Gentleman of the Chamber to the Karl
of Macclesfield, is made Clerk and Marfhal to
Mr. Baron Hale. ;

The diftrefs'd Haymakers, to the Number of
feyeral Hundreds, have been reliev’d by feveral
charitable Gentlemen, particularly the Merchants
on the Change, who collef&ed among themfelves
20 or 39 l. ata time. The Duke of Chandvus
at his Sear at Canons, -order’d halfa Crown and
a Sixpenny Loaf each to be diftributed to 150 of
thofe poor Wretches. Several Reverend Gentle-
men have colle&ted the Alms of their feveral Pa-
rifhes, and difpoled of it the fame Way. )

The Board of Treafury is adjourn'd to Friday. .

A Treaty of Marriage is on Foot between Sa-
muel Sands, Efq; Member of Parliament for Wor-
cefter, and a Daughter of the Lady Tipping.

His Majefty, before he fet out for Hanover, was
pleas'd to appoint Mr. Grey of. Mill-Bank, Weft-
minfter, to be Water-Engine-Maker in ording-
ry: And by Virrue of a Warrant from his Grace
the Duke o Grafton, Lord Chamberlain of his
Majefty’s Houfhold, he was fyworn and admitted
accordingly. . -

The Heathcote Eaft-India Ship from Fort Sr.
George, is arrived in the Downs richly lade:.—
The Aiflabie, Captain Wilfon, and rhe Francis,
Captain Newfham, two other homeward bound
Eaft-India Ships are arrived at St. Helena.

On Thurfday Alderman Porteen and Jeremiah
Murden, Efq; were chefen Sheriifs of London and
Middlefex for the Year enfuing. .

The fame Day a Putney Boat was overfer, fail-.
ing down. Chelfea Reach for London, thro’ the
Obftinacy of the Waterman, whereby two Men,
two Women, and the Waterman's Boy were.
drowned ; the Waterman himfelf, with another,
who got a Caft with him, were fav’d. About 12
Years ago the fame Perfon’s Boat overfet in the.
fame Reach, and drowned an Attorney of Chelfea,

A poor Carpenter that work’d at the Admiral-
ty Office, and was faid ina former Paper to have.
a great Eftate left him, has now laid by his Eqni-.
page, and taken up his Hammer and Chifel again ;
for it feems *rwas only an Impofirion upon, him,
contriv’d by~an impudent villainous Pettifogger,
to defraud him of feveral Sums of Money, for
which he has fince been taken and committed ta
Newgate. ,

A large Vault has been lately difcover’d in the
Meufe, curioufly tyled all over, a fine.Spring of
Water in the Middle, and. feveral Marble Ci-
fterns : By the Infcriptions on the Tiles and Mot-
toes, it appears to be the Bathing Place of Queen
Elizabeth. Pipes are now laying to convey Wa-
ter from the Spring to Whitehall, atthe Expence
of the Crown. Te

South-Sea Stock 123, for Opening. India 169,
for Opening, Bank 135. African 10, 7 Sths.

 tle | ie el

‘the fiid Bufinefs to better Satistaction than ever,
-Shovkeepers and others may be furnithed with any Quantity,
-and alfo with whole Cane, at reafonable Rates.

“HE Commiffioners for Licencing Hawkers and Pedilars

‘is Day is pudlithed, beautifhilly printed on fliperfine Papcr.
Une The SACRED CLASS CS defended and illuftrated >
Or; An . * .

ience of the Writers of the NEW:

Propriety, and true
TESTAMENT. In two Parts. In the firft of which thof
vine Writers are vindicated againft the Charge of barba-
rous Language Greek, and Solecifms. In the fecohd is
ghewn, that alt the Excellencies of STYLE, and fublime
Beauties of Pangnage and genuine Eloquence, do abound in
the facred Writes of the New Teftament. With an Account
if their Style and Character, and a Repreftntation of their
R uneriority, in feveral Inftances tothe beft Claffics of Greece
ond Rome. By A. BLACKWALL, M. A. Printed far
C, Rivington at the Bible and Crown.in St. Paul’s Church-
¥ard, ari W. Cantrell, Bookfeller in Derby.

* " AlSthis Day is publithed, the third Edition of

Mr. PLACKWALL’s Introduction to the Clafficks ; con-
Yning a fhort Dfcourfe on their Excellencies ; and Tiresti-

“ons how to ftudy them to Advantage ; with an Effay on the

Nuture and Ufe of thof emphatical and beautifn} Figures
which give Strength and Ornament to Writing. “

™ZERY good Minifters Gowns and Caffocks of ali Sorts,

‘New and Second-hand, Aidermens Scarlet Gowns, Vio-
Jer Gowns, and Livery Gowns, ‘Tufted Corporation Gowns,
© erks Gowns, and Students Gowns, ‘To be fold by Thomas
tFunte Salefman, atthe Sign of the Ball the Corner of Long-
Lane in Welt-Smithfield. Alfo fells Sunerfine Black Cloth,
Wair Pennelloes, and Rufferincs in the Piece.

T the Free School at Dunftable in Bedfordfhire, are
taught, WRITING in all the Hands, according to the
mot improv’d Method and Practice of the ab left Mafters ,
ARUTHMFE TICK in all its Parts,whether Vulgar or Fratti-
oil: MERCHANTS ACCOMPTS, or the true Italian
Method of Book-keeping 3; where Youth may be fpeedily
qualified for any fort of Bufincf$ or Clerkthip, whether Law
or Trade, by _ MOSES GRATWICK.

WN. B. The Town is fituate in a very healthful and plea-
fant Country, where fuch Lads, whofe Friends do live re-
mite, may board in ahandfome manner, oneafy Terms, and
ifrequired, may be inftruSted, either in the Latin Tongue,
or, the true Orthography of the Englifh, by a new and ap-
pioved Method. '

This Day is publith’dthe 3d Edition of, —

*.* A General Hiftory of the PYRATES, from their firft
Settlement inthe Ifland of Providence to the prefent Time :
With the remarkable Actions and Adventures of the two
Female Pyrates, Mary Read, and Anne_fonny, contained
in Chapters, treating of the following Cantains and their
Crews, viz. Avery, Martel, Teach, alias Blackbeard, Bon-
net, England, Vane, ? ackum, Davis, Roberts, Anftis, Wor-
ley, Lowther, Low, Evans, Phillips, Sprig, and Smith, alias
Gow, who wasexecuted lately at Execution Dock. Printed
for T. Warnerat the Black-boy in Pater-NofterRow. Pr. ss,

O1 Moniay wilt he publifhed, (with his true Effigies prefix'd,
onda Copy of the Paper defign'’d to bz delivered at the
Placn of Execution, adted) the fecond Fdition, © :
*.* The Life of Jonathan Wild, from his Birth to h's

Yerh; containing his Rife and*ProgrefS in Roguery, his

Fr Acquaintance with Thieves, by what Arts he made him.

“¢ their Head or Governo", his Pifcipline over them, his

Paticy end great Cunning in governing them, the feveral

Cin%es of Thieves under his Command, in which all his In-

tricues, Plots and Artifices ure accounted for and laid open,

intermix'd with feveral diverting Storics. By H. D. late Clerk

c Juttice R----- Printed for T. Warner at the Black-Boy in

‘Dater-tsofter-Row. Price one Shilling.

Vy Hereas in Mift’s Weekly Journal, on Saturday the 2oth
V of February 1725, as ally in other papers of the fame

Rate, and finee, isadvertis'da powder lately imported, which

i every refsct fully anfwers the uf of Coffte, and there be-

ing a larger demand than was expected, feveral perfons went

without; care will be taken tor the future to prevent the
like, a large parcel being juft arrived excceding fine and good,
which may-be tafted at the firft houfe on the left hand in Bell-

-Savage-Yard on Ludgate Hill uo one pair of Srairs, where

any Quantity may be had at 2s. 6d oer ponnd. N. B. No lefs

-than one pound is fold; it will anfwer without mixture of
Coffee, and
-tifement.

and hath been much approyed on fince the Adver-

Hereas it hath been induftrionfly reported, that Simon
W Barnes at the Black Bull next the Greyhound Ian in

the Borough of Southwark (the firft Spreader and Maker of

the beft Cane and Whalcbone Hooping in England) hath lett
ptf making thereof, ~vbich is great Damage to him in Trading.
This is therefore to certify whom jt may concern, that thofe
‘Reports are falfe and groundlefs, and that he ftill continues
where a

do hereby give Notice that daily Attendance’ is given at
their Offiec overagainft the Bull and Gate in Holborn (Sun-
days and Holidays excepted) from nine a Clock in the Mor-
ning till twelve, and from two till five in the Afternoon, in
order for the delivering out of Licenc:s for the current Year;
and that fuck Perfons ihall prefime to trade contrary to the
feveral Aéts of Parliament in that bcha]f made and provided,
and not forthwith take ont Licences, will be proceeded a;
gzinft asthe Law dire&s. * fo
Hereas on Monday the arf of this Inftant, there was
Vv loft or ftole from the Seven Stars, a Linen Draper's in
Holborn, a Silver Watch with a Silver Chain, the Maker's
Name John Hull, London. Whoever has bought it, or taken

Effay. humbly offex’d towards proving the Parity,

a.

@n Monday laft was publifhed the 3d. Edition,
_ __ With large Additions of .
*¥" A VIEW of LONDON and WESTMINSER ; or,

the TOWN-SPY; Containing, amongit many others. dl-

verting Matters, new Votes and Schemes of the Irtfh Society

of Fortuie-Hunrers. Of the Lawyers.of St. Clement’s and

Sc. Dunftan's, the kept Miftreff:s at St. Andrew's, the High

and Low-Church Mobs at St. Brides,-the Blickfryers Prin-

ters, and the Ludgate-hill Meicers. An Account of Jonathan

Wilde’s Funeral Proceffion, and of a furprizing Specifick for

the Cure of felonjous, fraudulent and corrunt Habiis, being an

Handkerchief dipt inhis Blood, highly neceff-ry to he ufed at

this timein great Britain. A Character of a City Church-war-

den, the Cuttoms of the Citizens on the Sabbath-Day; the

Pride, Intrigues and Degeneracy of the City Wives; of the

Band of Petticoat Penfioners begetting young Merchants and

Shopkeepers ; alfo of the adventures of N--rt--n and Rod--ig -

two famous Stalions, &c. Sold.by T. Warner, at the Black

Boy in Pater Nofter Row, and by the Bookfllers of Lon-

dan and Weftminfter. Price one Shilling.

This Day is publith’d, the 2d Volutne (with a compleat In-

Met beth Volumes, and a Map of the Roads by Mr.

oll) of 3 : .

*,* A Tour thro’ the whole Ifland of Great Britain, divi-
ded into Circuits or Journies. Giving a particular and diver-
ting account of whatever is Curious and worth Obfervation,
viz, I. a Defcription of the principal Cities and ‘Towns,
their Situation, Magnitude, Government and Commerce.
If. The Cuftoms, Manners, Speech, as alfo the Exercifes,
Diverfions, and Employment of the People. IIf. The Pro-
duce and Improvement of the Lands, the Trade and Manufa-
étures. IV. The Sea-Ports and Fortifications, the Courf of
Rivers, and the Inland Navigation. V. The public: Edifi-
ccs, Seats, and Palaces of the Nobility and Gentry. With ufe-
ful Obfervations upon the whole. Particularly fitted fur the
reading of fueh as defire to travel over the Hland.. By a Gen-
tleman. Printed and fold by G. Strahan in Cornhill; W.
Mears, at the Lamb without Temple-bar; . Francklin, un-
der ‘Tom's Coffce-honfe, Cavent-Garden ; S. Chapman, and J.
Jackfon, in Pall-Mall; and J. Stogg, in Weftmifter-Hall.

; ‘This Day is cublifhed,

*,* Every Man mind hig own Bufinef:, or private Piques
no publick Precedents, being an Anfwer to a late feurri-
lous Pamphlet, entituted, Every Bodies Bufine&S !s no Bodivs
BufinefS ; written by an o'd pevifh trading rss whofe falfe
Reafoning is here expofzd, the Cruel'y of Mafters and Mi-
ftrefles exemolified, and the Hardihi:s of Servitude fer ina
truc Light; ina Letter to A---M, Efa, By Cathcrine Comb-
brufh, La:iy’s Woman. «--- Haber & ifufea Splenen: Sold
by the Bookfellers of London and "cftminfter. Price 6d.
This Day js publithed, berurifilly nviaccd on a fine Paver in

8vo. with the Eifigie: of tit QUEEN of SCOTS, curioufly

engrav'd from an 'riginal Pidture by Mr. VERTUE

*,* The HISTORY of thé LISK and “AEIGN af MA-
RY QUEEN of SCOTS and DOWAGER of FRANCE;
colletté’d from Original Ree srds and Writers of Crattr.
Printed for James Woodman ani David Lyon in Ruffel-trect
Covent-Garden, and C. Davis in Hatton Garien, Price <s,
N. B. There isa {mall Number printed on Royal Paper for
the Curious, )

BELLSIZE HOUSE.
tHIS is togive Notice, that on Monday the 28th of this
ftant June, willbe a Foot Match, between John Sey-
mor the Mint Boy, and Anthony Dunn the famous Bowling-
Green Boy at Clerkenwell), to_run fix times round Bellfize
Park, five Rounds for three Guineas a Side, and the laft
Round foy ten Guineas a Side, To ftart in the Afternoon ;

Play or Pay. © uo CO
BRISTOL HOT-WELL WATERS,

PRehh from the Wells, will be fold at fix Shilings per Do-
- zen, with the Bottles, at Mr. ichard Briftow's, Gold-
fmith, near Sride-Lane, Fleet-Street, where all Perfons
that have Oceafion for the faid Waters, may be fully fatis-
fy’d of their being genuine and pure from their Spring ; and

Care will betaken to deliver them well cork’d and clear. '

Lectuaritm Mirabile: @r, the Admirable Electuary,

\ which infallibly cures all \egrees and Symptoms of the

fecret Difezfe, with more Eafe, “peed and Safety, than any
Medicine yet. pubiiuhed; any old Running, &c. thongh of
feveral Years ftanding, whether occafioned by an over-ftrain

Weaknefs of the Seminall, or the Reliéts of-a former Infcéti-

on, is certainly cur’d in a fhort Time, without a Minute’s
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ufe of Aftringents; being a
| Medicine fo wonderfully pleafant and eafy in its Operation,
that the niczft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may take it
with Delight: Two Pots are generally fufficient to compleat
a Cure in moft Cafes, To be had only of the Anthor Dr. Cam,
a Graduate Phyfician, who has publifhed it 20 Years, and is
conftantly to be advis’d with at“his oufe at the Golden-Ball
! re i in Bow-Church-Yard in Cheapfide, at half a Guinea
t ot. fs . avin; " , * , .t =?
' Againt the VENEREAL DISEASE.
HE famous Italian BOLUS, has fo great Succefs.in

the Cure of the Venereal Difeafe, that not one of the
great Numbers that daily take it mif of a perfect Cnre ; and
| though fo very cheap as 2s. 6d. each, yet four Rolufes never
the moft malignant, virulent,

fail to root out and carry off
ang obftijate kind of ihe venereal Difeafe, without Confine-
ment; or making your Caf known to any 3 which, if it fails
to do, the Money isretnrned. ‘This great Medicine likewife
deftroys. Mercury, and carries it out of the Body, and thereby
relieves thofe unfortunate Perfons who have fallen into bad
Hands in former Cures. Is to be had only at the Flaming

fr into’ Pawn, fhall have their Money retarn'd, ‘and a Gui- | Sword the corner of Ruffel-Street, over againft Will's Coffee
m: Reward, If they will bring or fend it to the Place afore- Honfe, Covent-Garden ; and if fokd at any other Place is Conn-

e
*

id, or to the Printec of this Raper, and no Queltions ask’d, terfeit

{
ac

corrected Dwi Atton of Chefterfield in Derbyfhire, his ROYAL

RDIAL TINCTURE for the Chotick, truly pres
ared by a Relation of his, the Vertues. of which hath been
otmerly mentioned by a LLe:ter inthis Paper, it being the moft

fovereign Medicine and effectual Cur: forrhe Cholick, healieg:
the Bowels, creating Appetite, and reftoring Health, pre-

venting the Gout in tie Stomach. . Sold only-at Mr. V. Grim-

ftead's, a Toyfhap, at the Black Swan, in St. Paul's Church:
Yard; at Mr. Garway’s olf Shop at the South Extrance of

the Royal Exchange; at Mr. Coopcr’s, a Toyfhop, the Cot-

ner of Charles-Stieet in the Strand, ‘and at the Green Lamp

in Swallow-Streét, Piccadilly, feal’d with three Flower de .
Luces, at 38. 6d. cach Bottle. And 2¢ the fame Places,

with the fame Seal, is fold the Doctor's famous Styntick, jut

publithed, with which he preferved Numbers from falling un-

der the Surgeons Hands, it being a fafe and abfolute Cure

for all Cuts, Scratches, or Tairs in the Flefh, never fuffering

any Wound that it was dreft with, ever to fefter, or leaving

any Scar or Scam tehind ir, with Directions how to ule it,.
and its Perfection more dt large, Price one Shilling, ©

Ju publithed,

*+* A truce, authentick and impartial Hiftory of the Life
and glorious Actions ofthe CZAR of MUSCOVY: From
his birthto his death. Containing, I. an exact account of his
title, defcenr, family and iffue’ If. His detection of the
feveral plots formed againft him, and his punithment of the
confpirators. IEE. His wars with the turks, fwedes and po-
landers; and his fuccefsful and unparalleled conquefts over
thofe people. IV. His Travels into Europe, &c. for the im-
provement of arts, {ciences, military difcipline and naval af-
fairs, more patticularly to Germany, Hfolland, and the comtts
of England and france. V. His remarkable fpeech at his
return home. VI. His proceedings againft the Czarowitz his
fon, his nomination of a fucceffor, his ficknefs, death 2n2
interment. The whole compiled from the Ruffian, Fligh
Dutch and French languages, State-papers, and other publick
authorities. Printed for A. Bettefworthin Patcr Nofter Xow,
G. Strahan; W. Meadows in Cornhill; J. Stagg in Welt-
minfter Hall, J. Gravesin St. James's Street; $. Chapman
in palil-mall; K.Frankling in Covent Garden; J. Harding
in St. martin's lage T. Eniin in the Strand, and J. Jacsfon
near St. James's Ffoufe, price 5s. “e
I John Rydings, liying at the. Plongh:

Alehoufe in Stocks-Market, having beet
r long afflicted with fore Eycs, which pro-
Wi cceded from an extrzordinary Co’d, fo thac.
I wat in Danger of lofing my Sight wile £ lived in this
Word, had i ot been <dvifed to apnly my felf to Mrs. Ca-
terat the Han! and Fyein Caftle-Comt in Birchin-Lane,
who wider God, hath made a perfect Cure in as fhort a time
as could be expected, to the Surorizs cf all shat knew mes
and this I defire may be publifhe’ for the Renefir 36 chofe
thar ray havethe Misfortune to want ic Asiftance of fo ox-.
peri:nced a Perfon. Givea under my Hani the isth of june
1728. . JTchn Rydings.

Note, She cares without any Inftrument; end the i: ‘alibly
cures tue Ague, without the Jeaft Grain of Cortex, or} that -
they call the Jetnits Bark. Price ss, the Vial. No Letzers
received except Palt paid. © 0

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM, orthe Afthmatick Ji-
lep, whichis known by many Years Experience to bea ne-
yer failing Medicine in old obftinate Afthma’s, whofe fufo-

cating Fit it puts off ina moment, it gives a per okt Relief
in ftraining laborious Coughs that are unmerci‘ully tronble-
fome night and morning; ‘tis a moft excellent Remedy for
fhortnefsof Breath upon’ any motion, and in Rreatbing with
Difficulty, ftraightnefs of the Breaft, with hoarfenefs ant
wheefing. Nothing excceds this admirable Julep, for by open-
ing the bronchial Dutts and pneumonick Paffiges, it pene-
tratesin the inmoft Receffes of the Lungs, and there mecting
with tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Phieam, fo attenuates;
divides, moves and worksit, that by coughing and {pitting it
expectcrates and throws up all fiich matter with the greateft
Eate and Pleafine, thereby cleanfing and frecing the Preaft
dnd Lungs, when ftuffed up and ciogged with a heavy Load, and
fo prevents Confumptions, Ulcers.of the Lungs, &c. ote,
It js a fate and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken by fpoonfn's,
according to the printed Directions, without the leaft Confine-
ment, or danger of catching Cold. Tobe had at Mr. George
Strahan’s at the Golden Ball over againft the Royal Exchange,
Cornhill, and at noother Place. Pricess. 6d. ]

INCTURA NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordigt
T Tincture for the Nerves, being an approved, experienced
and never-failing Medicament in finking, languifhing, and
lownefs of Spizits, Palpitation, or Trembling of the Heart, in
all paralitick, foporofe and convulfive Diftempers, and in all
Afflictions of the Head and Nerves ; it in‘allibly prevents the
bad Effects of Coffee and ‘Tea on the Nerves, which occafiong
in moft People the above-mentioned Diforders (with many -
more, which you'l fee at large in the Book of printed Direéti-
ons) but yet by taking a few Drops of this moft pleafant do-
licate Cordial, in the firft Difh of Coffee or Tea, you may then
dyink at Liberty; for this great Medicine penetrates thronz2
the whole nei vous Syftem, and fo recruits the Brain and Pree;
cordia with a full Influx of exulting Spirits, which perform the
Dufinefs of viral Function with freth Alacrity, and new Brisk-
nefs; fo that the Pulfe, which Jay feeble and wav-ring, now
falls 2 beating vigoroufly, and with great Exatmei: ; mere-
ever, it wonderfully difperfes Fear, Sadnefs, confus’d Thoughts,
‘Twitchings of the Legsand Arms, difturb d Sleep, and alt the
difinal Train of Vapours and Melancholy. It likewife ftops
Vomiting, puts off Naufeouthets, procures 2 good Appetite,
and is now in great Efteem amongit Quality of the firft Rank.
Sold only at G. Strahan’s, Booxfeller, at the Golden Ball in
Cornhill, over againft the Royal-Exchange, and at no othee
Place. brice 23, 6a, FS

 a The chymical Liquor for the Hair, _ |
Wie gradually changes red, grey, or Hair of any other
difagreeable Colour, whether of the. Head or Eye-brows,
into any Degree of a Brown, or, by obferving the Directions
given with each Bottle, into the moft beautitii Black in Na-
ture, that neither Time nsr Weather can alter; tor the Co-
lour will for evér remain as lively as it’ it naturally grew fo.
It has, with a general Satistaction to the World, been fold this
ten Years by Mr. Lockton, only, at the Grifin, the Corner of
Buckler’s-Bury,° in the Poultry, where a Lock ot Hair may be
feen that was ftain’d with it betore it was firft cxpos‘d to face.
Price nalf a Guinea a Bottle, Hf it does nor prove infallible,
return the Liquor, andthe money fhiallberepaid, Where 1s
may be had atthe faid Mafter’s Chambers in Symiond's-Inn | alo fold, The fovereign * ecret for diflolving the o> TONE, and
in.Chancery-Lane. expelling thie GRAV EL, beiug an, approved Specifick, with
. ' ,; ampic wirections. Price 2s. 6d. a bottle.
ONSUMPTIONS of all forts radically cur'd, oy a farnous |, ; . ee .
C Elixir peculiarly invented for that Difcafe: 1¢s wonderful This fpecial Not.ce is given, to prevent Miftakes. h
ficacy fufficiently explodes the errorieous Opinion, that Con- That Mr. <llcroft is removed a tew Uoors higher in t c
Umptions are incurable, fince it abfoluteiy relieves the Paticnr, marci v7 50 the Bluc-Coat-Boy, a Toyihop, overagain
tho’ reduic’d fo a meer Skeleton ; uickly” takes ott all the the’Gieat Soe ate on ee Count its
toms, as Cough, Hearfencfis ecfin ortneys of. 40. CO ! sGAtS9 _
Breath, Pain or Weight in the Breatt, Spitting of Blood, Sovr- Hat the fo much tam’d, and only true Uriginal Rey a
nefs of the Stomach, Throat or Windpipe: «Ajfo Catarvhs or} one bs : 4 S for beautifying f i ve 2 a 0, to pre-
Defuuxions of fharp Kheum, and all phthyficai and afthmatical vont ‘Impofitions, ( fo Mr. ala oft s ean and se be atreft.
ts, hectic Fever, &e perfectly cures all internal Ulecrs] ovo Hons, (bi 1 an, ate
reftores all inward Wattings, Weaknefs.and Decay of Nature, ed as often as required, both by Mr. Allcroft and Mts. gics)
being balfamic and ftrengthening beyond Comparifon. It afiu- C Re Ov enad. nn cere xchange wate in Corn-
redly evadicates the firk Principie or Canfe of Confumptions, rans oy, over-againgt tue Zoyal Exchange Pillars-A lle
réetifying the Diforders of the Stomach and firft Paflages, crea- br 1, ang s. Giles %, Miliaer, ma Fier cn Y>
ting an Appetite, procuring a good Digeftion, 1educing the ‘The have Pe, int rae ane beer ‘ (ed ant admired by
vicious Ferment of the Blood and Juices, correcting the acrid y Mave near tnele 30 rcarTs DeCN Wicd a

. Salts that erode the Lungs, certainly healing Ulcers therein,

() be fold before Robert Holdford, Efq; one of the Ma-

ftersofthe High Court ofChancery, a Capital Manfion
Houle, latcly built, called Bedgbury, with fiurable Offices,
and good Gardens and Fim Punus 5 together with Lands and
Woodlands, ofthe Yearly Value, of 6001, per “Ann. befides
Timber: «as alfo the Mannors cf Bedgbyry, Goudnurit, and
Ford, late the Eitate of Sir James Haycs, 1.ne. deceated, the
faid Eftate being very improvable, there being Marle in moft
Parts of the faid Land, and Lron Mines, the faid Honft and
Premifies teing in the County of Kent, within eight Niles
of Tunbridge Wells. The faid Houfe being comp eatly fur-
nifked, the Purchafer may alfo have the who:e, or trea Part
thereofas thall be defirca at reafonable Rates, Particulars

.

‘both exes of the beft of Quaiity, and many thonfands of
Geatry aud others, for making the Skin fo dclic:tely foft and

and infallibly curing all forts of Confimptions, tho’ never fo} ¢ . ) mo of an
HG it my a6 : : ~{{mooth, as not to te paralev’d by any Wath &e, OF any
bad, in avery fhort Time, toa Miracle. Price 3s. 6d. a Bot Kind or Form, or any Watn-Ball, notwithitan Un Bee in
Hajis are .

{id to the the contrary by Pretenders ; ior chef: Te mM
deed real Beantifiers of the Skin, by Casing oft ail Detormi-
ties, as Tetters, <ign-worms, Morphew, Sunburn, Scurf,
Pimples, Pits or Rednefs of the Small-pox, and keeping it
ofa lafting and extregm Whitenefs. ‘They fora alt= Ted
or rough Hands; are admirable in fhaving the Head 3 they
not only give a more exquifite tharpnefs to the azor, but fo
comfort the Brain and Nerves, as to prevent catching Cold.
They are ofa gratefl and pleaf:nt Sccnt, without the leaf
Gyain of Mercury, and may be eaten tortheir Safety. _
Ax in‘allible Cure for the SCURVY. in all its moit grievous
Symptoms in both Sexes, and in Perfons of all Ages and
Conflitutions, by unparallel'd chymical Drops, whicn purity
the Blood and Juices, rectify and fwecter all tne § luids, cleanse
them trom all Impurities, and perfeétly clear the whole Ha-
bit of all Spots, Blotches, Surfeits, Itchings, breskings out,
aid every other Defilement of the Skin ; certainly removing ail

tle, with Directions, Is fold only at Mr. Radford’s Toyfhop,
at the Rofe and Crown againft St. Clement’s Church-Yard in
the Strand, near Arundei-Street End. °

The Grand Spccifick for cleanfing aud ftrengthning. the
— Reins, &e.

A Medicine that may be depended on as abfolutely effectual

for carrying off by Urine, fafely and fpecdily, all the
Relicks of feerct Injuries, Remains ‘o/ pernicious unskilfully
prepared mercurials, gleets, or weaknefiés, throughtedious or
~ All-managed curcs of the Venereal Difeafe 5 or from feli-po-
Intion, inordinate coition ; alfo any weaknefles of the Veficls
from wrenc!:es, ftrains, blows, or falls, and all other obftructi-
ons in the urinary paffiges, even ftranguaries, ulcers, &c. are
perfectly cared by it, be they of ever fo long ftanding. ‘This
noble fpxcifick is alf of fingular and very extraordinary ufe
and efficacy, where there is any gravel, or even finall ftones,

flime, or any other matter that obftructs the urine 5 biinging ? ;
all away in a few times taking, with fafety. It ftiengtnens | Weaknefs and Imbecility common to many {corbutick ier-
and allits attendant

fons, abfolutely eradicating the ‘curvy,
Symptoms in a moft wonderint Manner, entirely deftroying
it Koot and Branch, fo as never to return again; and that ina
very thort Space of Time, without the leaft SickneS, ‘Trouble,
or Confinement, as Thonfands kave experienced. Are fold on-
ly by the Author's Appointinent, by the Gentlewoman at the
Two Bhic Pofts in Haydon-Yard in the Minorics, at 35. 6d.
a Buttle, with Directions. .

The UNIVERSAL FAMILY MEDICINE,
“To be taken any Seafon of the Year. It is alfo
Certain and infillible Cure for the SCURVY, of the

A longeft ftandiny, and the moft aggravated Circumftances,
by a-Cordial Elixir, fo-peculiarly.adapted to, thatDifeaie in
all its Foims of appearing, from the flighteft itching Humour
in the Blood, to its utmoft or laft Effort on himan Nature :
It’s not a rugged Purgative that difturbs the Patient in ta-
king it, buta true Specifick Cordia!, that perfectly cures
that Diftemper by gentle Evacuation, by Stcoi and Urine,
and fo powerfully rectifies the Blood and Juices, that {cro-

hulous Cafes are alfo fpeedily cured by it: and all Spots,

lotches, Pimples, &e. on the Skin, are quickly and cntire-
ly taken off. It isa Cordial in the Stomach, removes all Pain
irom it, helps Digeftion, and is fo particularly adapted to all

Conftitutions, that it Ys the moft general Family Medicine

that ever was known, to be taken Spring and Fall, to pre-

ferve Health. It hindcrs no Bufinef$ or Reereation in taking
it. It is fold at the Golden Ba'l, on Puddle-Dock Hill near

Ludgare-Street, at 3s. the Bottic. Where good Allowance

is given by Wholefale to Country Shopkeepers, &c. (one in 2
City, or Town) to fwell again. ‘The Directions given with it
are large and full : The Medicine will keep many Yeats.

HE pleafant ODORHFEROUS TINCTURE for the

T

ly make the moft
charming, and in a very fhort Time perfectly cures, fo that a

difagreeable Breath will never return ; it certainty makes the -
blackeft and moft foul Teeth extremely white, clean-and beat.
tiful at once-ufing, infallibly preferves them trom decaying).
and thofe a little decayed frem growing worft, abfolutély cures,
the Scurvy in the Gums, tho’ never fo inveterate, caufing the.
Flefh to grow up tothe Teeth again, when almoft caten quitc
away, and infallibly faftens loofe Teeth to Admiration, In a
Word, for. moft delicately .pt uickly curing an

and recovers, after a peculiar manner, all relaxations of the.
vefiels, confirms the parts, bringing all into right order, and
thereby periects the cureto admiration. It’s a very pleafant
medicine, and may be taken with pleafure, and will be found
of uncommon benefit to mankind, beyond cxpectation ;
which is the reafon of its being made pubdlick, and to obvi-
_a@te the ignorance of pretenders -in all the cafvs above-men-
tioned. One bottle, in moft caics, is fufficient or a perfect
cnire, as you will fee by the directions given with it. Sold for
78 6d. the bottle at Mr..Lockton’s toyfhop at the Grithn,
the corner of bucklersbury in the poultry.

T HE beft Water inthe World, fo call’d by thofe who have
experienced itto be fo forthe Itch, or any itching Hu-
mours. It hath been taken inwardly for the King’s-Evil. It
is good to cure fore Eyes, or any other Sores, Uiccrs, or Fi-
ftulas; it bas preferved feveral from having their Limbs cut off,
when all othcr Means have failed. Sold by the Perfon that
makes it, at the Sign of the Green Canifter next toa the Dog
and Bear Inn at London Wall near Little Morcgate, who is
the Original and only Perfon that can make it. Soldby Mr.
Gouge at the Caftie in Weftminfter-Hall, Mr. Radford’s
Toylhop at the Rofe and Crown over-againft St. Clement’s
Chureh-Yard in the Strand near Arundel-ftreet, Mr. Raw’s at
the North Entrance of the Royal-Exchange, over-againft Bar-
tholomew-Lanc, Mr. Stewart Bowyer, Bookfeller, under Ald-
ate Church over-againft the Minories, Mr. Fan, Brufhmaker
in St. Mary Ax, N,B. It hasno Smell, Price 1s. 6d. each
Bottle, with printed Directions how to ufe it. What is fold
elfewherecannot be depended on, being counterfeited.

A new Edition is juft publifhed, of
HE Practical ceheme of the SECRET
T DISEASE, a GLEET, and a Broken
Conftitution by faft Living, former Cures,
Salivations, Mercury, &e. teaching Perfons
to underftand Rightly their own Cafe, and
ms tocure themitives without making «their
Condition known to any one. Dedicated
a to Dr. Chambecrien. This highly ufcfal
and inftruétive little Pook is Given Gratis Up_One Pair of
Stairs at tke Celebrated Anodyne NECKLACE,. Recom-
mended by Dr. Chamberlen for Children’s Teeth, next to the
Rofe Tavern without Temple-Ray. and at Mr. Jeremiah.
Pain’sthe Siga of the Bunch of Grapes, the firlt Toythop on
Right Hand jnf within Pope’s Head-Ally from Cornhill
right over-againft the Royal-Exchange. Where are to be ha
the famous Anodyne NF.CKLACKES for Children’s ‘Tecth
fealed up along with the Liquid Coral to make the Gums give
way for the Teeth to come out without Pain. | Price toth to-
gether ss /«nd the famous Pectoral LOZENGES for that
Tineafinefs at Stomach called the HEAR T-BURN, fix-penee

@ Paper.

iiicented Breath, for immediately making ti é blackeft Teeth
nioh excellently white,, certainly faftening them when loofe,
effectnally- preferving them frem rotting or decaying; and-ai-
furedty curing the-Scurvy in the Guns, It has hot its Equal in
the World. {s now fold only at Mr. Radford’s Toyithop, at
the Rofe and Crown‘againft $t.Clement’s Church-¥ard in the
Strand, near Arundel Street End. Price 3% éd. a. Bottle,

with Directions.

‘Breath, Teeth and Gums, ‘a few Drops of which inftant- |
offenfive Breath fmell incomparably fine and } gf

-GUTTE BALSAMIC E. lo
Ts healing, itiengthening, invigorating Drops, age

{0 judicioully coutriy'd, and efficactoufly aaapted forthe
Cure of the feveral Kinds and Degrees of Old and New.
GLEETS and WEAKNESSES, both of the GLANDS and.
SEME{NALS, whether Nocturnal or Liuraal,; by over-ftraineg
ing, Sclf-Abules, or other Claufes, that they may entire-.
ly be rely'd upon. They in the firft Place cleanfe, where
there is any toulnefs, then enliven, corroborate, and reftore,”
anJ bring, by Degrees, the debilitated, impotent, andalmoft —
worn our Parts to their due natural Strength and Vigour. It --
is 2 Medicine of a chymical, fublime Extraction, founded up- --
on Reafon, and confrm'd by Experience, ina long Series of
Practice, to perform all what is poffible in thefe Weaknefles °
and Deticiercics, for any internal Kemedy to do. They ab-
ford the flabby Ffumonurs that are encic'd, and do commonly .
crowd down upon, and more and more relax and debilicare
the already weaken'd Genitals, rectizy theirinjur'd ‘lone;:
and recover their elaftick Force and Faculty. Nor have
they, in any wile, been lefs fuccefSful in Curing the Difeales,
and overcoming the Imbecilities of the urinary Paflages,
which, by Confent of Parts, are oftentimes fo relax'd, or o-
therwite impair'd, that the Uccafions to make Water are too
quick, or too freqnent; or it comes away too flow, or drib-
bling 5 orishot, tharp, thready, or foul; and is fometimes .
hardly either to be held or made at all. And befides their
being fo balfamick, comforting, and ftrengthening to the
Reins and generative Faculties, they are as great a {weet-
ner o: the Hlood as Nature and Art can furmith; correct
all its Actiities, cure all its Scurveys, invigorate the whole
Coaititucion, and clear it abfolucely and placidly of a.lnoxi-
ous Relicks, which by fecretly lursing afcerill-manag’d Cures,
four the Juices, diforder the Spirits, and imprint various I-
deasand Anxictieson the svlind; and yet there isfeldom a Cafe
Luat requiies the taking or inore Chan one Bottle. Price a
Guinea, “ Prepared by J. Marten, Surgeon, at his Lodgings at
the Go'den Wheat-fheaf, the Midd-¢ of rhe Oid Bailey, where
tiuey may be had by any Meffenger, ready feyl'd up with Di-
rections. ;

Note, His Treatife (a few being left) of Venereal Dif-
eafes, and all the Diforders and imbecilities of the fecret
Parts, in the two Sexes, (7th Edition) may be alfo had of
him. Price-7s. 6d. hound, above 27000 of their feveral E-
ditions having been fold. | .

WRIGHT 's Dinvretick, or cleaning Tincture. °
wt ich urinaliy difcharges all the feces or putrid relicks of
. the Lues Alamode, or Venercal Infection, and canfes
its Conrommitants, the wretched Train of that complicated
Diitemper, asa mucous, filthy, fanious Matter ludg'din the
eins, or fpeimatick Parts, which cither canfe a tharpnefs in
the U:ine, or too trequently provokesit. This Kelick is
difcoverable, partly by the fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a
Debdil:cy or Weaknefs of the Back, a fetid naufeons, and
averting Smell or the Urine, with a purulent Matter, or
feculcnt Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or flying in it, with
Variety of Figures, lk atther, this Tincture efpecially carries’
off all Kelicks of the Veneieil Difeafe, after ill managed
Cures, not only cleanting the Urinary Paflages of all Sind,
Gravcl, Films, or memoyraneous Pellicles, &c, but after a
jingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftoring them, and
ail thei: genitai Parts, co their original Tone and Ufe, though
the Misfortune and Decay be of the longeft Date, with an e-
gual Succef$ in each Sex. To be had tor ros. per Bottle, with
Lirections for its Ufe, only at his Houfe, the Golden Head
and two Lamps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill.

yo Smell to, &c. .
HE moit Noble Volatile Smelling Bottle in the World;

. which fmelied to, momentarily fetches the moft difmal
fainting or {wooning Fits, and ina Moment re-noves Fluth-
ings, Vapours, Dulneis, Head-ach, Megrims, &c. It takes
off all heavy Siczvinefs, retards Swooning, keeps up the
Spuits to a Miracie, and by its Ufe admits of no !ainting
but invigorates and enlivens the whole Man 3 recreates, and
makes chearfid, a:though never fo fad, and in a Moment
raifes all the fen'tive Faculties: It is alfo to be taken in-
wardly by Lrops, which effectually takes off and cradicates
the very Cawle; for it potently relieves, comtorts and
ftyengthens the Brain, creates and corroborates a Stomach,
removes SickneB from it, relps Digeftion, cleanfes the Blood,
and-in a Word, is the greatcft Cephalick, Stomatick, He-
patick, and powerful Aromazick poilible; theretcre Is ex-

tream necetary for all Gentlemen, Ladies, &c. always to’

be catried in their Pockets. Sold now only at Air. Mark-

ham's Toy:hop, at the Seven Stars under St. Dunftan's-
Church, Fleet-itreet, and at Mr. King’s Picture Shop in the

Poultry, at 2s. 6d. each.

T the HUNGARY WATER WARE-

HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Comb, -
a Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage-
Inn on Ludgate-Hill, is fold right French
Hungary Water, being the fame Sort fold |
fevcral Years paft, and is eafily diftinguifhed
from the pernicious counterfeit Sort fold a-_

bout the ‘Town, pretended to be imported

tron, Montpelier, &c, Likew the following foreign Com-
i e fold at the fame Place, viz.

might Ft d: the Half-Pint

Right French Hungary Water, at 1% 3.
Rottle.:

Fine Florence Oil, at 28. per Flask.

Right Ivith Ufquebaugh, at 2s. the Half-pint Bottle.

Fine Orange-Flower Wager, at 13 4d.. per Flask.

All Soits of Leghorn and Bermuda Hatts for Ladics. a

N. B; There is a Sign-Paper on cach Bottle and Flask, ta-
prevent Counterfeits, or oa

LONDON: Priared by N. MIST, iu Gre at-Carter-Lant. | oO 7
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 26 June 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786112/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 