- MIST's WEEKEY FOURNAE, B33
, - 7 ) - - . | ; | af a ~_ a er a : me f - _ >. ‘4 a i “° | ; “se ae

| . the Yauls was
placed a Hinge, and éontrived with ‘ much?
Art, as to prevent the Chariots rocking from’
Side to Side, in rough and uneven Ways. The'
Chariot or.Car, Had four Poles, “and ‘cach had?
fyur Ranks of four Mules each to draw ir, fo thar’
fixty four Mules were ern foy'd in drawing the
Car, and thofe che ftronge, as well as the Hand-"
fomeft that could’ be found ; every Mule had 3°
prown of Gold on its Head, and a golden Bell:
ite Hark at each Jaw, with aCollar of Jewels round
_ Thus rich and magnificent was this Chari
which drew yat Numbers of People io fee it
from all Parts, who doubrlefs had never feen any:
Thing equal to it id Pomp and Grandeur: and
the largenefs of the Train which attended ic, Was
in all Refpe&s pompons and fuitable.to the Che:
rioc; a yaft Number of Pioneers and Labourers’
level'd ne Roads thro’ which it was to pafs, and
a great Body of cho | it
4 great y ofen Troops attended to do it
| Artteus after having {pent two Years in makin

Preparations for chis pompous March, brought the
Body in this manner to, Exypt from Babylon : Fiele~
my went with & mighty Army to meet the: Body
as far as Syria, and when he recciced it paid all
poffible Honours to it; he did not fend ir to the
Temple’ of Supiter Ammen, but to Alexandria. a
City: built, and {fv named by Alexander himfelf.
and which at that Time was one ‘of the nobleff in
the World ; there Ptolemy buile a Maufoleam fer
his Body, which in Hote Days was the Glory of
the World for its Grandeur and Maguificence +
and as foon as the Budy was depofited therein, ke.
celebrated his Funeral with heroick Sacrifices and
all Sorts of pompousGames, - sk

FOREIGN AFFAIRS,

They write fiom Conftantinople, thar the Ba~
thaw of Natolia lying under ftrong Sufpicrons Of
having been guilty of Corruption and Extortion
in hts Government, it is expected ther the Grand
Signior will fend for his Head, an unchritian
Punifhment often inflited anvoinc% 'Tarks and In.
fidels for tuch petty Crimes. —— tur fome think
that if he has gor Money. cnouzh, he may make
the Prime Vizier and the other Minifers to Jook
upon him fo favourably, us tO reprefent him mot
sity, or at Jeaft to condemn him only to ‘tome
(mall Fine. *-  ° mo ne

From Vienna, we are informed, that amone a...
ther Things ftipulatced by ‘the Inte Treaty’ of
Peace, there are fome coniiderable Advantages
provided for the Oftend Eaft-India Company, and
shat fuch a Commerce is to be carried on betwixt
Flanders and Spain, as in ‘al} Probability mutt
confiderably inrich the latrer; fo that they talk
already that fome new Manufadtures are co be fet
up in the NetherJands, and they expeé a very
great Demand for thofe they already poffch.
It is alfo aflured, that Don Carlos, Prince of Spain:
is to marry the Archdutchefs, Daughter of the
prefent Emperor.' A Fed

We are advifed from Rome, that the Lateran
Councel ftill continues to fic; it cohfifts of a hunt
dred and twenty Archbifhops; Bifhops an ox
ies of abfent Bifhops.———— Ir i faid,' sat ebb’
Matters there debated, do not fo muct. |
the‘Reformation of the Chtirch, aé the
tion of the Clergy ; and, it is thoughty she

ting a Javelin, In the middle of

HE Publick has already been en-! and Caius suipitius and Cains Zlius Confuts at Rome ;
‘tertain'd with an Account from our | Aridexs, who had the Charge of Alexander's: Fune-
| ay |ral, of conduGing the Body, having finithed the

News-Papers, of. the Ceremony jral, o fudting | ed t
and Pomp of the late Czar of Mif- | Chariot on which it was ta he drawn, prepared

‘covy’s Funeral, rherefore we fhall |forhis March, =
efhall)~ But becaufe this Chariot, fuitable to the Glory

af that ‘Monacch, was Dot only extreamly fich
and miagnificent, but contrived’ alfa with’ moft
wonderfpl Art, and the Workmanfhip the mof
curious that had been feen, it will not be impro~
perto give fome Defcription of it, = *
‘Hieronymus was the Workman, or Artift, who
contriv'd ir ; firft, he made a Golden Coffin, nor
caft, but work’d out, exadtly fitted to the Length
of the Body ; then half fill’d ic with Aromacicks,}
and ail ‘Serts of Perfumes, both to give a goo!
Scent, and to preferve the Body. Upon this Cof-
fin was plac'd @ golden Cover,’ made exa@tly fic,
and ‘over it was raifed a purple Canopy embrdi-
der’d with Gold, and near that the Imperial Arais
were plac’d. ‘The Charior, or Car, which cac-
ried all this had a golden Roof, made iu the Form
of a Vault, adorn’d with Scules cover'd' With
Jewels. The Roof was cight Cubits high, sand
twelve long, and ‘under it was ptac’d a fquare
Throne, all of pureGold. There were two Stags
Heads in Grend, or Alto Relievo, an the Side of the
Throne ; from which two gold Rings, two Palms
diameter, ‘hung down; and from them a large
Feftoon, expreffing ali the various Colours of Flow-
ers, difpoied with inimitable Béaury and Art.
‘Round the Top of the Chariot or Car, wenta
Fringe in’ Form. of Network, frpm.whtich lictle
Bells hung down, yet farge “cnough to be heurd
at a confiderable Diftance, In cach Corner of -he
Roof was {een the Figure'of a Viaory bearing a
Trophy: -- The Roof was fupported by Pillars of
Gold with Chapiters' of the Tonick Order, and
within thefé Pillars appeafed a Lettice Work of
Gold about a Finger thick, and four Tablers dif-
pofed parallel to each other, adorn’d with the Fi-
gures of all {ort of Anima)s. Ste
On one‘of the Tables, Alexander was reprefen-
ted; fitting on a Car, with a Scepcer in his Hand,
the Macedontans at:ending him on one Sidé, the
Perfians on the other ; and befure him his Armar
Bearers, -—e=_— In che fecond Tabler were de-
lincated Elephants, arm’d as for War, following

~ “fe ~ a .
hs rae 2!
Pa aA ERY {:

RBS repeat nothing of ic here; w
onl

y obferve, that it was perform’d with fo mich,
State and: Magnificence, as may give us an Idea
how polite the Ruffians are grown in their Tafte,

Ir has been the Praftice in all civiliz’d Nations
to obferve fome: particular Ceremonies at the Func-
rals of their Dead, founded moftly on their Noti-
ons of Religion, or fuch Opinions as they enter~
tained concerning a future Life. .

Thefe Ceremonics, ‘no doubt, were look’d upon
as a Kind‘ of religious Duty, infomuch that fome
of the ancient Writers have taken Notice, that
the Want of funeral Rites was confidered as che
preateft Misfortune which could befal any Man;
and when any Perfon died in fuch a Situation;
that no Perfons were near him to perform the Ce-
remonies of Sepulture, ic was look’d upon as a
kind of Judgment, and that fuch Perfon was un-
dér the Difpleafure of the Gods._—-—=Tbus Ho~
mer, in-the Jliad, -reckons the want of Sepulture
as the ercatelt Calamity which the Plague brought
upon the Army of the Greciang. ©

Pliny takes Notice, that when Perfons at Sea
found themfelves in extréam Danger of Shipwreck,
it was corhmon ‘for them to tye their Money, or
what other Things of Value they had with him,
‘about -fome Part of their Bodies, with a Writing
which éontain’d a Prayer to thofe who fhoul
light on the Body,. to give it the Rites of Sepul~
_ ture, and to take the Money for their Pains : Ard

though there fhould be no Money, nor other Thing
of Value found abour them, it was look’d upon
to be'not only inhuman, but a kind of Impiery,
not to perform. thofe Rites to a dead Body thar
fhould be caft on Shore. 7 a

' FBlian fays, there was a Law amongft the Athe-
nians obliging thofe who fhould Jight on a dead
Body, to give it Burial, by placin the Head’ to-
wards the Eaft, and to perform fome othtr Ce-
remonies. mS a

The Parents, Relations, and Friends, in all
Cafes, were wont to affift ar the Funeral; bur
where the Deccafed was a Perfon who had done ,
fome fignal Service to the Commonwealth, it was | the King, carrying Indians before, and Macedon:
common for the whole People to attend his Fune:- | 475 behind, upon their Backs, both Nations being
ral. And in Sparta, when the Kings died, every | in their proper Arms. —-——— In the third Table:
Family was obliged to put one Man and one Wo- and d Squadrons of Horfe, drawn up as in Line
man in Mourning; and if the deceafed: Prince | of Battle. —— And inthe fourth, Ships were dit-
happen’d to be befeved, ic was common for the} covered, as if ready’ for a Sea Fight. ———— A:
Women to wear their Hair difhevell’d for a con-{ the Entrance of the Vault, Lions were placed,
fiderable Time. * ++ * + [who feem’d to look on thofe who approach’d ; be-
* “Among the Romans, if the Perfonto be carried] twixt every two Pillars there was a golden Acan-
to the fureral Pile had born great Offices in the| thus, or Border, which reach’d almoft up to the
State, or had fignaliz’d himfelf in War, or had} Chapiters ap Foot of the Arches: Over the Roof
obtain’d Crowns for his Valour, they carried be-| wa3 a purple: Canopy, expofed to the Air, and
fore him the Enfigns of his publick Office, and all bearing a golden Crown; which look'd as if made
‘the Marks of his Honours, and ‘alfo the Crowns] of Branches of Olive ; and when the Sun fhined
the had received, and the Standards, Colours, andj upon it, 1¢ reflected back fo ftrong a Light, thar
Spoils he had taken from the Enemies. ‘ “°° {it feem‘d to flnfh againft the Beholders Eyes like
Among all the ancient funeral Pomps, for Mag- Lightning. “This great Chariot or Car, was fup-
nificence, none came up ro chat of lexander ‘the ported by two Ae ger F which went into, four

his Body was broughr from Badylox to eels, of the’ an Fafhion: The Spokes
Gethin in E the . a , but that Part of che Wheel which

Alexandria in Eoypt; the Particulars of which are -were all gift, | f the
een ee by Diop lf | touch’d the Ground, was cover'd with Iron Plates;

deferibed by Diodorus Siculus, and which we fha th Iro
sake from him. - | — oo ' Tall thac Pare of che Axle Tree which’ appeared,
“= Jn the Year when Philocles was Archon of Athens, | was Gold, andin the Shape of a Lion’s Head bi-|

‘4 :
~
ae

4

 tain Tenets of the Jefuits will be brought upen
the Sazis, the Partizans of which Society expe&
no syeat Benefit.te their Order from this Council.
yy private Lerters from the fume P-uce we
are informed, that :he Marriage of the Daughter
of King Staniflaus of Poland was negociated there,
[viz Rome] bur the Husband which is affigned
her is the Duke of Bourbon; and that the Cardi-
nal Poligniac had mov'd for a Difpenfation for the
Marriage of the young King of Fra:ce with Ma-

demoilelle de Sens Therefe Alexandrine de Bour-;

bon Conde, Sifter of the Duke of Bourbon, born
Sept. 15, N.S. 1705

LONDON, May ts.

They wrice from Rhode-Ifland, that a Ship is
came in these belonging to one Captain Rhoades,
from Jarnatica, But Jai from the Bahama Ifla-.ds ;
tlic Mare gives an Account, that as the Ship lay
at Crooked Ifland, the Captain, with two Hands,

went ir the Boat aboard a Sloop that lay ar fome!

Diftancé !rom them ; and while he was aboard, a
Veilei came down upon the faid Sloop, fir'd feve-
ral Guns, and made her a Prize; whereupon the.
Mate concluded the fuid Veffel co be a Pyrate, and
fo made the beft of his Way with the Ship, lea-

ving his C.ptain and the two Men, before-men-; before the Lord Chief Baron Eyre, in his Maje-
ticoted, behitid. —_— By the fame Ship we un-| fty’s Court of Exchequer, on the Account of

de fiz:d, that Captain Kelfey was one of thofe
Ships the Pyrace Sprigg took near the Bay: of
Honduras, who burnt the Ship, but gave Captain
Kelfey. and Company, her Long-Boat, in which
they vor fufe to the Ifland of Bonaco; afterwards
a Sloop came by, and took them off che faid
Wand. :

Captain Brewer was taken by a Spanifh Vef-
fel in the Latitade of 30, who made him hoif
our his Boat, and come aboard the Pyrate, who
robb'd him of two fmall Arms, a Hogfhead of
Moluffes, two Pieces of Holland, a Cafe of Rum,
aid tie wearing Apparel of all his Crew, and
then difmits’d bis Ship. |

_Froin Cxford, That a young Gentleman of a-
bow: 18 Years of Age fhor himlelf with a Muf-
quer, into the Breaft, and dy’d upon the Spot.
Kis Death is charged to the Uneafinefs he was
under from fome finall Debts he had contra&ed
there.

From Recheffer, That a voung Lady, Wife to a
Clergyinan there, hang’d her felf white her Hus-
band was at Church: The Caufe of her Difcon-
tent is uot known.

STR,
AVING obferv'd that the Town are filent
about Yorathan .Wild, and that a certain di-
firets’'d E-~-I is, at prefent, the Subse& of rheir
Enquiry and-Difcourfe, I was induc’d ro affign a
Reafon for icin the following Tetraflich, which
you are at Liberty to difpafe of as you think fit.
I am, yeurs,
Oe Co PAUL STEADY.
. Asin the Sea (Egypt's and India’s Boaft,)
The Nile and Ganges, rival Streams! are loft ;
So Blueskin, Sheppad, mighty Names! muft yield,
And W—Jda be fwallow’d up in ALsec—d.

We hear that purfuant to his Majefty’s Letters
Parent, Mr. Browne. has erected an Engine for
eating large Quantities of Hemp, without the

intolerable ard ubour of beating by the Hand.
This Engine worked for the frit time laft Week,
‘at Mr. Hauge’s Yard, on the Thames Wall, inthe
Parifh of Lambeth, oppofite to Whitchall, before
feveral Perfons of Quality, and others, with uni-
verfal Approbation, performing better and chea-
per than any of the Methods now in Ufe; fo that
the Invention is like to meet with great Encou-

ragers” at from the Linnen Manufadtury at chis

Time, when Work-houfes are fetting up in all
Parts of the Kingdom ; thefe Engires being éx-
treamly ufeful for imploying the Poor
more eafy Parts of the Linnen Manufadtury. |
Some Days ago a Boat overfet in the River near
Deptford, with five Men in her, one of them was

-drown'd, and the other four got upon the Keel of
the Boat; which drove down wich the Tide as far

as Greenwich, from whence Affiftauee came and
brought all che Men afhote. =

About the fame Time a Man poing down to
the Thames Side ro drown a, Cat, got into a Boat,
and threw her into the Water, and going to
ftrike her on the Head Wich the Buat- hock, over-
reach’d himfclf, fell into che Water and was
drown'd, notwithftanding all Attempts to fave

We hear that four Perfons have been taken up

in the Borough for their Dexterity in fpli:ting of

Farthings, filvering them over and pafling them
for Sixpences: The Gang conftfted of nine, burt

: five of them cfexped for that Time: One of rhofe
{taken is Wife to Cooper the blind Man, formerly

try'd for coining.
On the 7th Inftant, a notable Tryal came on

Horns, pretended to be wrought, on which a Cu-
ftom-Houfe. Officer was Profecuror, as well for
his Majefty as himfelf, andthe Royal African
Company of England Defendant : The Company
of Horners prov’d the Goods unwrought, and the
Cuftom Houfe Officer prov'd «a legal Seizure, fo
thas by a Verdi& the fame was forfeited, and
double the Value, by Virtue of an A& of Parlia-
ment of Edward the IVth. and likewife of -Janves
the If.

Monday being the laft Day of the Term, Mr.
Alderman Barber was with his Bail, honourably
difcharg’d of his Recognizance at the Court of
King’s Bench, Weftminfter.

Tne fame Day Baron Wallenrode,’ Envoy of}

‘the King of Pruffia at our Court, embark’d: at
Gravelend for Holland, in order to return home.

We hear that the Earl of Marchmont and the
Lord Wiiworth, Ambaffadors and Pleniporenti-
aries at che intended Congrefs of Cambray are e-
very Day expefed home. |

Some Days ago the Caufe that was depending
for Several Years, between the Reverend Mr.
Peploc and the Right Reverend the Hifhop of
Chefter, about his Lordfhip’s refufing to. admit
him into the Wardenthip off Manchefter-College,
was decided in the Court of King’s-Bench in Fa-
your of the former. Soe a

Promotions. His Majefty hath appointed the fix
Captains of the Indcpendant Companies that are
to be raifed in the Highlands of North-Britauin, as
follows, the Lord Lovat, Coilonel Grant, Sir
Duncan Campbell, John Campell, Efq; Collin
Campbell, Efq; and George Monroe, Efq;
Robert Hurft, Efg; is made Commiflary of the
Mufters of his Majelty’s Forces in Placentia, Can-
fo, and other Places in North-America.———-—-
Letters Parents are pafling the Seals for creating
Henry Fermor, Efq, of ‘sevenoake in the County
of Kent, a Baronet of Great-Britain.

‘The Reverend Mr. Sam. Gilman, Chaplain to

the Bifhop Exerer, is prefented to the Reory
of Ickenham in Middlefex, wetth goo 1. per Ann.
~The Reverend Mr. Vernon is induéted ro
the Living of Shadwell ; and the Revercnd Mr.
Carter is prefénted to the Vicarage of Weft-Ham,
in the County of Effex, in the Room of the faid
Mr. Vernon. ;
Deaths, Yuftice Botelear, of Weftminfter, for-
formerly Commander of a Man of War, mame

pb the

fennight, at the Old-Baily. -

Operation ; alfo a Son

Captain Wyndham, Commander of the Diamond

Man of War in the Weft-Indies. Mr. Wil-
fon, wichous Yemple-Bar, fhot-himfclf with a
iftol, |

Marriages. At- Carmarthen. the eldeft Son of
——— Lioyd, Efq; of Pembrokcfhire to Sir
Richard Steel’s Daughter. — . Cockerell,’
E/q; of Gloucefter, a Gentleman of 20001.. per
Ann. to a pretended Weft-India Lady of 40,000 1.’
Fortune. — a

Treaties of Marriages, Mr. Clement Boehm, @
Hamburgh Merchant, wich a Daughter of Sir
Gilbert Heathcote, fen. Alderman of. the City. .

. The Hon. William Townshend, Efq, 34
Son to the Lord Touwnfhend, and Member for .
Great Yarmeudh, to che Lord William Pawlet’s
Daughrer. William Scawen, Efq; of Cafhal-
ton, eldeft Son to Sir Thomas.Scawen, Alderman.
of London; and Mrs. Ruffel, only Daughter of
the late Lord James Roffel, Uncle to the Duke of
Bedford, a Fortune of 60090}, ————- The
Hon. Mr. Nor:h, Son and Heir to the Lord Guit-
ford, to a Daughter of the Earl of Hallifax, by
his firf€ Likdy. .

They tell us from Norwich, that a Lady there
having a Suit or two of Law cut out for her, em-
ploy’d a certain Operator to difpatch thoft trou-.

lefome Jebbs, as dexteroufly as he could ; which
being done, this honeft Man of an Attorney brings
in his Bill, which amounted: to no more than
3171. The Lady told her Opinion freely, viz.
that it was too dear, ‘and therefore offer’d ‘hint
2001, but not one Farthing was to be abated ;
or, as he faid, it was nor a Taylor's Bill, to be
clipp’d off with the Shears ; and therefore, if fhe
did not pay Mr. Parchment, he would pay him-
felf, Upon this the Lady, being a little
whimfical, came to London, fummot'd him be-
fore a Judge ; and, after a fair Hearing, the Ac-
count fhrunk t0 351. 139. 44. ,

The Lord Falmouth arrived at Dublin the
jth Inftanr.

We fce advertifed in the Dublin Courant, near
60 Deferters, from the Regiment in Ircland,
chiefly in the Month of April laft.

On Wednefday a Cobler near Panton-Square,
reccived Advice, of an Eftate of 500]. per Anne
fallen to him, which he is gone to take Poflef-
ion of, _

_ His Excellency Horace Walpole, Efq; his Ma-
jefty’s Ambuflador Extraordinary ar the French
Court, is arrived from Paris.

Thurfday the Seffions begin at the Old Baily,
when John Plant was capitally conviG&ed for a
Street Robbery. William Nolfon and Thomas
Nolfon,. Brothers, were try’d for the Highway,
and acquitted. = en

Yefterday Jonathan Wild was brought down te
be try’d ; buc Mr. Attorney-General having other
Bulinefs, fo that he could not attend, the Tryal
was put off till this.Day. shel,

Five of thofe Men taken among the Pyrates in
the North of Scorland, are removed from the
Marfhalfea in Southwark to Newgate, in order
to be Evidences againft the faid Pyrates at the
Court ‘of Admiralty to be held next Wednefday

_ The Trade of Innoculation is induftrioufly car-
riedon, -'This Weck the Lord Williant Munners,
Brother to the Duke of Portland, underwent the
of Governor Boon, and

féveral ochers. © Ho ae
They wrire from Edinburgh of the Sth Inftane,
that the General Affembly of the Church of Scor-
land met that-Day, wheu the Rev. Mr. Witharr,
Principal of the College, and one,of che Minifters
of thar City, preached before the Ear) ef Lou-
don, his Majefty’s high Commiffioner, from 2.
 ! Kings, ii, 12. after which they proceeded to the
{ Choice of a Mcderator.. ©. 9s. ;
The Right Honourable Talbot Yelverton, Earl
of Suffex, “one of the Lords of his Majefty’s Bud-
, Chamber,. is appointed Deputy to the mott noble
Thomas Duke of Norfolk, Earl Marfhal and He-
; yeditary Marfhal of England, upon the Refigna-
tion of the Right Honourable the Earl of Berk-
| Advices ‘from Conftantinople, dated April 4,
import, that. great Cubals are forming at Court,
on Account of the Indifpofition of the Grand
‘ Seignior’s eldeft Son, who was fallen fo dange-
roufly ill chat ‘they defpair'd of his Recovery.
The Sultan who was much affliéed at it, and
the Mufti, have ordered publick Pr:yers to be
-. {aid in all che Mofques, to obtain cf Mahomer
the Prefervation of that Prince, who is the Dar-
| ling of the whole Ottoman Empire, ) ,
Mr. Hornby, Clerk of the Works at the Admi-
ralty Office, who being acenfed of uttering coun-
terfeic Pieces of Gold, and fulpefted to be con-
cerned with the Gang thar adulterare the Com,
thought fir to abfcond latcly, was Yefterday ta-'
kev in his ‘Bed, in Wapping, by fome of the King’s '
Meffengers. oo
They write from Windfor, that a Difcovery '
has been made of a vile Praftice carry'd on by
the Pott-Boys, who have broke open the Mails
themfelves, taken out fome Letrers, and threw

TH F George and Red Lyon Inn in

of the Werld,: 10 fix Diftourfes,
Chureh, in Apriland May, 1724.
Difiestations 1. The Authority of the fecond

eter.
the Circumftances and Contfequences of the Fall. Ii. The
Bleffing of Jndah
of Cinchefter. 3
berton againtt

' ‘To be Lett,
a Floor, with Stabling fora 100 Horfes, the Houle new

built, and in very good Repair: Lnquirc ;of Mrs Poole,
Brewer in. Barnett, and you may know farther. - N° B. The,

Horie is infur'd trom Fire. .° ‘.

. : ‘This Day is publihed,
4" A Diflertation on the Unreafonablencfs, Folly and’
Danger of Infidelity, occafioned by a late virulent Book, cn-

tituled, A Difcotrt on the Grounds and Keafons of the Vari-.
ftian Religion: By
Witkin at the King's Head in St. Paul's Church-Yard.

Theotimus Philalcthes. Printed for R.

Advice toa Son at the Univerfity, defign'’d for Holy Orders.

By a Clergyman.
Juft pudlithed (priated at the Defire of the Mafters of the

.” Bench of the two Hon. Societies of tic Temple)
*.* The Ufe and Intent of Prophecy, in the levcrai Ages
delsvered at the Temple
To which are added, three
Epittie of St.
Ik. e Senfe of the Antients before Chrift, uson
Gen. xix. y Tho. Sherlock, D. D, Dean
and Mafter of the Temple. Printed tor J. Pem-
St. Dunftan's Church in Fleet-Screct.
| This Day is publithed, a
*.* A Moral Proof o! the Certainty ota fiture State, Svo.
Printed fur W.and J, Innys at the ‘Veft End of St. Patl’s.
- ‘Where may be had, ;
I. The Principles of Deifm truly reprefented and fet in a

ciear Light,’in two-Dialogues, betwecn 2 Sceptick ania De-
itt. The firft, concerni:
cond caneerning Natura

the Chriftian Revelation. The fe-
tal Keligion. The 3d Edition, 8vo.

If. Mr. Maran's Dilcourf: 0’ the Trath and Certainty of
Naural  cligion, and the indifperfable Obligations to Re-

ligious Worthip, ‘rom Nature and Reafon. The fecond Edi-

tion, §vo. . .
This Day is publifhel (dedicated to the Rt. Hon. Lord Chief
Jultice King, the fecond Editior, cf -

Barnett, m Rooms of

*,*" The Ruien Catechifin, compofed and publi‘hed dy ore '

‘tL Dr. Bite’s

they call the ‘yetuits Bark, - Priec five Snillings ihe

. ix . f] a
his Day it pokttthed, | oe
*,* Fourteen Di ‘courts ‘tearnes on feveral Ocrafine’, FY
Wi lian Shorey, A.M. LeSterer of St. Lawrence Jewry, 67a
Printed for W. and J. Innys at cho Weft Endof St. raui’s.
: oo Where may te had,
Sermons on tht Common-Prazer, 8¥o-
if. Dr. angey’s Sermons on the Lord's Prayer, svo
4IL Myr. Bayty's Sermons, g Vol gvo. .
IV. Dr. Lucas’s Sermoas, 2 Vol, 8vo, ;
V. Pious Thoughts concesning the Knowisdze ate Love of

d

God, by the Arcutuhcp of Canbray, sve.

HENRY COX, living next Ccor to the
Sign a: the Fa'con, againit the Vine
Tavern in Hoiborn, bavng, o7 & great
~ Co'd,. which fell into my Byes, lefs my
Sigbt, igfomuch that { did never exvet I thoaid ever be
brought to fce again, ‘but haopily was advies to make Ule
of Airs. Cater, who, not onty at firs Signt, te my no fnall
Conuort, told me [was curable, and alf? ij, under God, pers..
form the fine ‘in as thort a Time as contd be exrected 3 and
this I do for no other Intent, but for the Uool and Renefi: of
thofe who may inect with the like Affliction: The faid Mur.c
ter (till livesin Caftie-Court, Bircbin-Lane, at the Sign ot the

Handand Eye.
Note, She cures witout any Inftrument; and me infillibiy
cures the Ague, without the rain of Cortex, of that
Ws eo

is-S

Letters received except Poft paid. -

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Ju-

lep, which is known by many Years Experience to be u nee.

ver-failing Medicine in oid obftinate .Afthma’s, whofe fiffo-
cating Fic it puis off in a-Moment ;.it gives 2 pervect “clief
in fraining laborious Coughs, that are unmerciiully trouble-
fome Night and Morning ; "tis a moft exccilent Kemedy for
Shortne!s of Breath tmon-any.-Madtion, and in Rroathing with
Ditficuicy, Straightacis of the Preatt, with Hoarknefs ang
Wheezing. Nati ng exceeds this admirable uleP; for Sy open~
ing the Broychia! Duéts'dnd Penumomick Pallages y it pene-
trates in the jnmoft Receflés of the Lungs, dnd there meeting
witlttough, thick, cold, clammy, y Ph'egm, ‘fo attennates,
divides, moves and works it, that by coughing and fpitting ie
cxnectorates and throws up all fich Matter with the

thers abour rhe Road, particularly about a Fort- : .
0 »P y one der 0° the CZAX. To which ts annexed, afore Account of ; Eafe and Pleafare, thereby cleanfing and freeing the Breaft
the Church Government and Ceremonies of the Alu‘covites, > and Lungs, when ftuffed up and clogged with a heavy Loa:t, and

&€e, ote,

night ago, between that Town and London;
of the faid Boys has impcach'd.

On Tuefday laft there wasa Tryal at the Com-
mon-Pleas Bar, Weftmintter, between Mr. Barker, !
a Mafter Taylor, Plaintiff, and Mr. Huniinford, a’
Baker, Defendant, for an Affaulr, Batery and
Maim, committed by the laiter in throwing duwn

the Plantitl, aud di locating his Taigh-bone in|

fuch a Manner that the fame ts become incurable,

and he render'd incapable of providing for him-;
felf and Family, being in the 76ch Year of his:

Age; bur it appearing that there had always been
2 Friendfhio between them, and thar the Mis-
fortune was purely accidental, and withour the

Damage.

There was alfo a Caufe try’d in the fame:

Court between Mr. Barnes, a Painter, Plaintitt,
and an Officer of the Excitt, Defendant, far. Cri-

minal Converfation with the Plaintiff's Wife.| P

The Jury gave 200 Il. Damages.
» South-Sea Stock is 122, done 8th. India 163,
one half. Bank 133. .Afriean 10, one half.

A Letter fign'd Mifomorus, and another V. cre
cometo Hand, which foall be inferted nett Week er the
Week after, and foveral others the fir ft Opp. riunity.

ADVERTISEMENTS

yours Boarded and Educated in Greck, Latin, and French,
alfo Writing, Arithmetick, Merchants and Stewards Ac-
counts, with foreign Exchanges, by William Prooks, and pro-
per Mafters, at the Hand and Pen in Wardour-S:rect, over-
againtt St. Anne's Court in Old Sobo, N.BA Copy
ook of Writing inall the Hands of Great Britain, is Iately
perform'd and fold by the Mafter of the faid School.

ICKY DICKINSON fiom SCARBOROUGH SPAW,
D continues yet at the Hole in the Wall, oppofite to Lin-
: .golns-Inn-Gate, in Chancery-Lane, where he is always in
_ Readinefs to receive the Subfcriptions of his worthy Frends
for his Picture, which will fyeedily be ¢ printed off ; the Copper-
Plate being alreauly engrav‘d by Mr. Vertue. oo
tf any Chairmen are willing to goto Scarborough during the
Prorogation of Pattiament; he wili give theny. their Paflage b
Sca, gratis, anda'l fitting Emcouragement, if they think pro-
- ‘perto treat with him, |

M& Nathaniel Spindlar of Bafipg-Lane, being lately de-

ceafed, his Warehoufe of Feathersy Ticks, and other

- Upholftry Goods, with his Dwelling-Howt, are tq be let to
-any one that will buy his Stock. and citer t his Trade ;

Kio, his printing Rowles to be fuld, and prifting Honfe to
CE.

lar che Angel in Cornhill.

leat Malice, the Jury gave the Plaimitf. zol}

‘hold or upon fhort Leafes in Londen, A good Moule with
oufe w

¥\ the of Wight. sol. a Year in Hamohhire. ‘45 1

tadorn’d wich Cutts. Price 1s. 6d. Printed ‘or W. Mealows fo prevents Confiumpti
Where may te had, youd omsithe

ed; for the Ufe of Schoo's, Excerora Mii G@ellanea cx Proda- |

tiffimis T.inguy Latine Auctoritus, being a Co'lection trom
che beft Cialicks of cafy and weful Picces of Moratity, &e

that Boys may begin with the Puricy of the Latin Teague,

. whica is fuited to their Capacities, and will improve their

Fancies and Jndgments for their ‘irft Compofitions. By L.
__— Latelv pub'ified, in Latin, .
*,* Chriftiany -eligionis, five Heclefin Anglicans Arti-

; ions, Ulcers of the Lungs
It isa fee and pleafant Medicitc 3 to te taken by nfs,
according to- the printed DireStions, without the leaft Confine-
munt, or Danger of catching Cold. TS be hid at Mr. Gebrge
Strahan’s at the Golden-Ba‘l over againft the Royal-Exchange, °
Cornhill, andar no other Place. Price 25 6d.

Agiiift the VENER EAL DISEASE. ,
T? FE famots [tatiin ROLUS has fo great Succef If
the Cure of the Venereal 1.iferfe, that not one of the:
gyeat Numbers that daily take it mi of a per-ect Cures and
tho’ fo ‘very chéan ag 2s 6.4. cach, yet four Roiuflus never

wo prover Citations from he Greck and Latia tathers,
Iuflraing or canfirming the fame, as alfo from the bef ni

etions hitherto made againft them. ‘The whole done in a ve-
ry e.car and confe'rnous Method, and chiefly defigned for the
Ule of vourg Genctlemen at the Univerfity.
verend Mr. 'erd. Sold by J. Knanton at the Crown in St.
Pai’'s Ghuren-Vard, J- Brotherton at the Bible in Cornhill,
ani J. Humyeys in Bartho!cmew-Lane behind the Royal-Ex-
clringe 3 at the laft of which Places the Subicribers Books are
devivercd. ;

. April 26, 1725:
cf the compleat Manege ; or, The Noble Art of Riding
the Harfs. In French.
heft Pancr, with fifty Cutts, or above, reorciénting. all the
Fignres be:n-ging to the Mancgs, with prover Laftruction to
each Cut. The Plateste be engeawen with the utmof Exaét-
nef and Perfection by the beft Hand, and printed on the beft
Trench Paper in Folio, at the Requelt of feveral Perfons of
the firft Rank. Dore by Moniicur le Baron de Eifenberg.

The Price to be three Guineas, one and a half tobe paid on [8

Subfcribing, and the Pemainder oa the Delivery ofa perfece
Book, which ‘will be abour, Jannary next. Subfcrintions are
taken in by Mr. Moll, Geographer, againft Déevereux-Court in
the Strand, William's Coffee-noufe near St. James’s; and
George's Coffme-houfe in Piccadilly. _*
Coach-

To be Lett for 21 Years, or alé& Time,
AXERE convenient Houfe, § Rooms ona Floor, a
Honfe, Stables, and other Out-houfes, a good Garden
and Fish Ponds, with or without 39 Acres of Land adioyning,
at Midftimmer or Michaelmas next, in great Horwood, Buck-
inghamihire, qo Miles from.London, two from Winllow, four
from Buckingham, eight from Aylsbary: Enquire :at Mrs.
farker’s in Horwood, or at Mr. Mael’s Warwick-Court in
Warwick-Lane, London.

ENTLEMEN are ready to buy Annuities or Places for
7 Life. Eftates from 2001: to 30001. Year. Howls Free-

A good
ftate of reol. a Yerr int
a-Year in
Berks. .A Copyhold Eftate. in Middiefex, An Fftate with a
College-Leafe in Bncks.. A college Leafe of rool. a Year in
Suflex. An Eftate of gool..a Year .in Norfolk.:-A gocd
Houfe, Out-houfes, and Gardens, near Turbridge-Wells. A
Perfon has Money to lend at low Intereft in large Sums.
Good Securities are wanted for resol. for goof. and 307!
Letters and Pronofals tn be fint.to Bury-Street, Se. James's, to
Mr. Speacely, Poft paid,

Gardens near the:Thames. ith fome Land in

Hertfordfhire. To be fold an

By the late ¥e-

2 ie | and. obtinate kin of the venefeat Ditafe, without
dern Writers. Together with Anfwers to moft of the Obje- | to do the Money.

bout Confine-
or making your Cafe known to any; wuich, if it fails
is retura'’d. This great Medicine likewife

'deftroys Mercury, and carries it out of the Bedy, and thertby
i relieves thof: unortunate Perfons who have fal'en into

Hands in former: Cures. [s to be had only at the Flaming

| Sword the Corner of Ruffe!-Street, over-gaintt Will’s Coffes-

POPOSALS for printing hy Subfcription, an Abriigment |
he Work will be printed on the , veral.

‘Twitchings of the Legs and

H on fe, Covent-Garden ;-and if fold at any other Place is Conn.
terfeit. |
Lectuarium Mirabile : Or,. the Admirable Electuary 3
which, in allibly cures ail Legrecs and Symptoms of the
Secret Diieafe, with more Eafe, Speed and Safety, than any
Medicine yet publifted ; any old Running, &. thongh of fe-
Years ftanding, whether occafon'd by an over-ftrain,
Weaknef of. the Seminals, or the Relicts at a former Infecti-
on, is certainly cured in a fhort Time, without a .Minute’s
Confinement, Sufvicion, or the Ufe of Aftringetits, being a
Medicine fo wonderfi'ly pleafint, and eafy in irs Operation,
that the niceft Palate, or weaker Conftirntion, may take it
with Delight: Two Pots are gencrally fuficient to compleac
Cure in moft.Caf:s, To be had only of the Author Dr. Cam,
a Graduste. Phyfician, who has publifh’d ic 20 Years, and is
conftancly.to be advif-d with at his Houfe at the Golcen’ Rall
and Lamp, in Bow Church-Yard in Cheapfide, at half a Guinea |
the Pot... lege: _ :
INCTURA NERVOSA CARDIACA,’ or the Cordial
T Tincture fr rhe Nerves, being an’ approved, exberiénced
and never-.ailing Medicament in_finking, langui , and
lownefs of Spirits, Palpitation, or Trembling of the Heait, in
all paralitick, foporolé and convulfive Diftempe-s, andin all
Affictions of the Head and Ner-es ; it infallidly prevents the
bad Effects of CoMee and Tea on the Nersrs, which occafions
in moft People the. above-mention’d Diforders (with many
more, which you'il fcc at large inthe printed Beck of Directi-
onsy but yet by taking a ‘ev; Drops of thismoft picafint deli-
cate Cordial, in the firt Dith of Coffee or Tea, you may then
driakat Liberty; for this great Aledicine penctrares through
the whole nervous Syftem, and 0 recmnits the Brain and Pra
cordia with 3 fall Indus of forma the

: evulking Spirits, sshich nerform
Pufine& of vital Function with Alacrity, and new Brisk-

he }nefs; $ that the Pul&, which lay Reble ahd wavering, now

falls a bearing Vigor y, and with t Exactnefs) more-
over, it wonderfilly dif--ries Pear, Sainett, confaitd Thoughts,
Amns, difturbed Sleen, and all the

-difmal Train of Vavours and Melancholy.- Ie tike-sife ftons

puts off Nangouhiel, recnres a. pod Avortice,
reat Fiteem amongtt Puality of 1} ank.
i G. Scrahan'e, Rook @ler; at the Golden Ballin

Vemiting,
and is nov in
taldonty at

lace. Price 23. 6d

Gorahil! over-again? the Reyal-Rechange, and.at ng other

 fie fallible Core for the SCURVY in all its moft grievons

it A0ot and Braneb, fo as never toretirn naan y ond that in a

*,

thor’s Appointment ¢ Gentlewoinan
Ay by the An r's tind at the

. CONSUMPTIONS of all forts radically cur'd, py a tamous | w

Syne as Coug ein the edt
elgh

‘Defluxions of fharp Rheum, and Hf miietoiea nid oi atti raticad

he the Tare, an ft to be
fan. difingeith whenon the , White-Patte, bb 4 oft

.

riety eRe ag
te ver. or of cer ula fang |

hat radvan
ine ene ably cuts fo bdo ak never 5 rei t
mot
Wind i an Patt of the Body, and Bitte o har

oy 8p \ Pieafine yhevest 1 ole ae of a eof
of Melancholy ne hav cue fees Wath i) corroding MOE healing tile Bowels 4&8

Cure ft ftrikes i rege uct he ac ot of ime iene 'G the Bromic mer, crating A Tones ey i ak

pany and entirely dett toys eli, re tig that ond | digel jcroating A

vitiated Ferment In ¢ Stomach rh ak he firft | new Health and Vigour, 1 Seep Gout,

the] Citring into the Head or det nich
and chict’ Caufe, and thereby cures _Indige Rion fear nd Bel he Hands ofa near clatl on of the Doser

Me, Mi ‘yeealved the followin Letter { m
an tie eat in Favour nt Of” thas fom ny Frond

Medi-
nes in the whi il tor or the
cht Inu, mM having iny fet Mel wifi fe,'an ne many "\ ft

ai fita
: ttt al Cae om satiny sont Mie ng |

tig Day ds publish'e

#.9 An hiftorical Uke on the le ela ie Power iff Bing:
land, wherein the Orighh cof both Mowwlia of Parllumen’,
tier ancient Cofttitution, atid tye Changes that lave hap pyens| bo
tu in the Perfons that compottd then with the ares Ign
thereot, are related in a thronplo gical O Order, and nyarly
Things concerning the Engl Ucrimnent, tie Anciqy then
of tae Laws of England, and tye feudal Law are oceafonuily
iljuftrated and exp aimed. by Gege $6. Amatid of the In-
ner-Temple, Efg, Pri fitedt t THU. WOODWARD at the
Halt-Moon over-againgt St. Dunttul s Church in Hleet-street,
aid fold by J. STAGG in Weilbuiladter-Hald

Where may be Ind,

: t f Debates af the Houle of Cominoans Blood and Spirits ftrengthens the Brain und
he Year isto, relating to che Bill of Excluflon of th ha Blk the whole F fame, tape ¥ or ee ears the Head from wt prepared it an called THE
“of York. Containing the Spucclis of the Lord | lentes it fed Thonghe removes Fears nett, dituto Bleep, rw eb RE. Sold only W Mr, HM "Grint oe ig
Heny Gund, Sir Fb Wind ngton, Kul) Montagues ‘eta, Anat or Ee c-Arme cea ot ee many and various ayn af in Se, Vault Cha ge hie Beinn
r aL Lion. Jenkins, $f } ana fn othe y us Symp: a the Green, Lamp in A wallow. eran’ over by the oe

Henry Booth, Eta; Sit Gilb, Gera
Tho, Player, Sir a ch, Graham, gir Willian Hottie rf Das
niel Finch, Ete, Hugh Bufcuwen, Klos Jo t renchard,
ohn Ham len, } ifyy Sir Koger me S A A }kuen sah
ichard Mafon, Laurence F ide, Ktdy Col. Legg, dt
ings Eig; Co Col. Birch, wi withiany more, and a Lift of the
Members ser compofed that Houfe, To whieh da added,
Debates of the Houte of Commony aflembied it Oxtord,
aie 21, 1610 Agalfoan Introduction, fhewing the yo.
Bie of opery, from the Reformation to the prelent Time,
I. A compleat Set of Bibitotheea ration, & contalning a
Collection of Initriptions, Medalt, Differtations, &
. The Hikony of the anc lone and modern State of the
cane ty of John Dutchy Re nwal, and Earidoin of
ir John
ve EVs De Fugees View and-Befence of the Engl Conf

a4 The Cafe of Ireland’s being bound by Act of Parti
d, fated by William ollynedx of Dublin, Eth

nd at th Green Lamp in Swale’
low-§trevt, isalfy 10 it td the true Ft a
rick, Hume m edith Water for all Borba

k 1, now proftnt at-m Weltln this
wes i fhirp EON at the Change fo thort ating has mades
| from that: one Condition In which you lait fuw me,
{cme Ludeate-Hill, ght Irrench Which [ know not w 4 ty attribute to (under God) but the
| meaty Wate, n large half chal fie Aint Bots Ufe of that noble Cordiul jou Wi ay pleated fo recouimend to
1 ¢ ort fold at the fluid) me, I had not uitd it fix Times val found my fulf  parteck-

1 p bo feveral Yvars orr, cher better, y at Eafy, and am ulte tree fro
ing a irefh Parcel, oily cing e Sit whieh made Life a a Burthen to ome and mh Hote rch pains,

ons counteritit § about theTown arf former Strength and Appetite, whloli ry
fine F davour Reondly, t er Ene swith lighted as wi te as next toa M Mitnel le fie reeoramende tt ty ef fr goes
hy and if you t a Spoontul on Fire with a Ughted Paper! here, feveral of whom have taken it’ with great Succes, for

burn whereas the counterfeit Sort hay none of] violent nee ct the Ghollck and Pains in the Head and ‘

theft ualities, iy reaten the Materlals in France are mich! mae Je is great Pity 4 finn relgn @
better that In theft N Northern Climates Moreover, the true hold be : tenet from the Publick I defire you to make wrbay
French js alwaya at the Place, and no {Where cls and the Gat you plealt of this, and acknowled dge my felt
Councerteit is rept one 3 Sho p to fell, but ax foon as it f unbridge, April 75 1724. Yours, ; The

toma thac attend this ake away t iC
Caufe and the Effeck whic Pin peemner's to Py the Bott ¢ e,{ ters Arms, Price

at the Golden Ball Pud k-ETiU tear udpute-Streat
and fo where elfe, Rock: Fl 4 ,

T the HUNGARY WATEI ARE:
i A A HOUSE, af the Hack, Boy and Comb,
8, the Corner. oF sell-Savage

Mth ran ee

oms in both Sexes, and in Peifons of all Ayes and

§
a oe i ns, by unparallel'd chymical Drops hlen urity | found out, it isremoved, and fold at another with a fj
od and J ulecs, reetl rectify and {wee vector vclen nie | vertifement, of a Parcel juft arrived ff om Mo Montpelier rein All Sorts of RUPTUR ES,
tno 8 all Jp rities, and perfectly bee ches ids Ha} Note, Béware of Counterielts. BURSTEN or broken Beilles y cut by the Bicf
fing of God, ‘elther on ola > very. lictig

r you
Time, and foya finall Charge, by two Malicinen ee
nally infed, without any Pa Ly to, or Confinement of. dhe Be athe
ttn heme wif rane ines ces Homerton
ty imitate this the only crue original Powder, Sold only ae} 222" Saemibives will inan BWO OF three Days
Mr, Palmer'y Fanthop, in Sr, . chael'’s Chureli-Poreh, Gorn. ¥ the ¢ Reputation they yy deferve both in Giey acd cet Be diind
ftan'’s Chureh, Wleec-Street, an no where elft in: England It fea for matly Years, to no Purpolt: Man tee
at onec fing macs thie 8 the Teeth a8 h as Ivory, tho never fo black! A gas and Sc, ea h ave heen cutld by them, w Many Mund pl fn
or yellow, and Y preferves rea om wnt or desl this Publieat Eon, tor the Good of Ce ree, cha ai fac
caying, continuing Seam ound even to axcecd reve f/ unha P l¢ may be delivered m she narge d Sig
’ icre- Pitre, way nerally ‘{ufficient yate ha
by hinders’ the Tooth-ach mira futon oo vcluily on a hi Perfor, and Js now (fin ny Nee Fee i re, ef
et 0 ae opkceping) fold only by Mr Sanders Hlaberdathet
Small Wares ae thie Bae Balt oyfop fl Fencharch-
Sta near Al N.B ‘the Ue of an ea
Trish, &e. that ¢ safe two enternat Medes are poled &
the art affected, till the Cure is perfected, ag wilt
¥{ the Direétions at large given with then.

owder, In prejudice The Great Venereal Antidote.
B- Pieces one fold "the fi hl RING o not Sovercign Medicine, and ve t
Lip’ Saive for Ladies, Se. of acharming and mie he- B take, which perfect! Feures without Confinemen eafant tp
fase Beant rice 1.8, each Box. ard ery al the Degrees of the Venercal Dituatey with flich Spced,
Ti DOTMREKONS rmscruRE ol Ea or wee aimee a he a
reat ums, a few Drops o ‘ a a molt ma
Salts hae erod e the Langs cr ulnly healing Ulcers therein, | make the moft offenfiye Rreath finell incomparably qt ane Cl Clap, or virulent Running at the Relng, With top ge of
Bad, inva very hort Time, toa Miracle, “Pricey 9 pee charming, and in avery tyort"Fime pertetly cure fo that a Uties, ani every, STRe amlaeaNy aeot geovenesy joi |
: 6.0. , a, and eve mptom that attend this gricy
tle, with Directions, Is ‘old only Gems Kader Foye, bind eft and moft foul Teeth ex mely white, clean and beau-| Diften per as have beun hap experianced ry Hunn of
at the Rof and Crown a a nit Se, Clement's Church: Yard in hy rves them from decaying, | Perfon: ‘ofboth Sexes in priva e Practice, W inhout ane
the Strand, near Aninde!-Sereet and thofe a Nettle ecayed fro growing wort, abfolutely cures] Medicine Which ea ean realy be au d of any oth
AMALIEI. VOICE, in Wiakvene- Court, at the lower the Scurvy in the Gums, Hi ,wver fo inveterate, caufing the fides it felf fs le alo foly an ty removes tal Ree
End of Bartholomew-Lane, Lot ehiaary ne near the RoyaleEx- | Hoth to grow up tothe Teeth agal ny when Aimot caten ute leks of former Ineo or y and inahnged Merewrial
change, fettcth in ARTIFICIAL TEETH In the mo exact away and infallibly daftens loo Admiration, Ino bic Antidote, which h bach Nnotity Pele
Manner, which, urc{o fitted and fet in, that they may be taf Word, for m de icately: pertiim ng ‘end felly ctr tn low, ipeedily and fately cures every Degree of the Vencreal
ken out and put in again by the Perfons themfelves, and are Fi feented Br h, for immediat oa black Kit} Poet Difea 's an pall the 1k Con ont ene niin 4 Merend
not to be difeerned from the Naturals they not only preserve bt noft exce ent y whitey mera? eye them when loofe al Courfes, by carry ying o the P iftafe, and
the Speech, but alfo preferve the Teeth next to them from |e étually. g them fr from rottin ng OF decay, and at Mercury, tho’ rooted In the very Hones 0 or Mao, ty
pentle ¥ wacuiation, Sold only de Mr. Loekton's syiton h

Joofening or falling outs but _thofe who have Stumps te fee i di curing the ing tt in the Guins, {€ has net its i
them oni, may, with the greatefR decult rn Upp it, that f+ ure ot Id. a now old manly at Mr. Radford's Toy at eG rffin, the Corner of Hucklersbury in ¢he xou vat ar
ok will anfWer the Ends of natural the oft and Crown againft St, Clement's Chureh-Yard in the | the Pot, with Directions fo plain, that any, th

He fells and mends Watches of all So dy nicat A Arundel-Street End, Price 38, 6d. a Hottie, | more, may cure themmelvet, Two of them are ‘Generally e

T the Dove and Golden Ball in Salsbury: Nough to cure 1 moft
t, ilveth a Genicis
Court, Flect treet, lly Vbe Orrin N abfolure Cure for the KING EVIL in al! Its mot Juf publifthed new Pain ofthe UA
imftanees, by an admirable m Old oF Kong, N Ace

that Pars ye the moft excelent Cofinetick or.
Infallibly and altel cures that Dittem or You Ni fting male. st allow,
4 Y te andng Tt aft ely ak,
caiittaany Sorencfs of the Sore, leers

Beautifiers yet known, as that nok noble Pre-
aration of” pearls with ha particular beautify.
thotigh never fo bad, and of many: Yeats re, Woodcock, and other Bints
Byes, a Go and Reeflde when, ie bene 1 be
ftulos !n any Part of the B y> aa teal Ay and ali By Swel- Curlous Trea if.) ne

HE, Incomp rable Powder for eleanfin fhe Teeth hi f
zentr n ian ora 20 0 mt
the many Counte ts fince its firft se keaty arin

it of all Spots, Blotches, Sturfelts, {ichings, brenkings our
and eve other befllement of the Skins certainly removing 4 In

Weaknets and Imbecility common to many fCorbutick er
fons, abfolutely eradicating the Scurvy, and all its attendant:
Symptoms in a moft wonderful Manner, entirely deftroying

Es

tt Space of Time, without the leaft Sfeknets, Troub!
or Coninement as Thoulunds bave ot rlenced, Ate fol id don:

oz

o Blue Pofts in Haydon-¥. he Minoticg, at 16 64,

& Bottle, with Diregtions,

eet nliarly invented for that Dile es ts wonderfil

y flufiele lently explodes the erroneous Cpl nion, that Con-

fp ee lince Ac abfolutely ¢ ‘ alleves the atlene, being a neat cleanly Me re the N i { re
a me OFF ah toe . ODMIE : >

4 Ween fing, Short 4 at price 4 & the Box. te, Y> dete whol 5

in the reat eter Via lood, Sore

Breath, Painor We
arrhs or

nefs of the Stamach, Throat or W

ficcts, hestic Fever, &e. perfectly cures all Internal Uleors
reftores ali inward Waftin , Weakness and Decay of Natu )
being balfumic and itrenge ening beyond Comparifon, Tt afft; to the he Puc
is Ar beni the firft Phe e or Cane Confmptions,-| ¢
rectif; Ying the Diforders of the tomach and firft Paflages, crea-
ting an Appetite, procuring a good Digeftion, reducing the
vicious Ferment of the Blood ai d Jules, correct nig the acrid

th which wfed by Ladies of t
frit Qu Aall ree they, wath Bu pat cake away

~— ednelh, alt mp’ca Worms, Mor:
Freck! M FRE Pj the | lings of the Glandules ur Kernels ko vanith 8 if by Inechant- Wealth a au React Panne
hen eh, ; sui, eal of the akin, ‘Like meet It effeétuall pu tnes ho and Tu qu cea, conedts ad Be cing Nour
fhe prepares a fine Italian | crea for the their Sharpneft, itrlkes at the ery utero or Cau fe af vs Rat vill 4 ye rn ‘tas
Hands, whieh plumps and the Skin to to Adnitation the Evil, tly def royss fh, and entirely jor GUE the GOUT, | apon wen
the Nons White Pols, and ‘Tove Strect Pots Ww eh an Hat feu ini, Trott fae i her i aa al iy without, the nT eh are all GTS mye NE RATS bese
; c ie . me !
Enda Chinefe Ked quot vind latting r  Berfor Ht ould d' Dr. Ghain Hen torch rie rect sal Aly ip a

luth that ¢ ne spe rton
) d off }almot Munk fn ] hich om areas vine Affiftance. 1 f My » Jere Palin's Foythop Pope's Ht
patind 1 A Esper iment i has fot n oneé known to fail, | Hill, righe oe amine thie Ihe} als ope eal ny
by the A ment of the Gen» lthaw (the Autuora Servant) agaiaf para
fon a in the Mito. |Seho Squara

felf; Tt gives a moft natural and d lafth

tobe had, the red Crown Caken,
‘all ocher Cofneticks meme fild
here Wy Me a Hands, "B, lin has Q chy mica Liquor wiles { tlowaman it the two

piters red or grey Halr toa light or dark Bro rlea, at 36.0 Por, mg Hite up with
LONDON; Priuea by N, MIST, 1 GreateCarte:: Lasse.
 tertain’d with an Account from our
News-Papers, of the Ceremony

[ear Sto] And Pomp of the lace Czar of Mui-
Naeem covy,s Funeral, therefore we fhall
eee) repeat nothing of ic here; we fhall
WAecve; that ic was perform’d with fo much

State and"Magnificence, as-raay give;us an. Idea

S. Mi a

bow polite the Ruflians are grown in their Tufte. ©
_ It

as been the Pra&ticein all civiliz’d Nations

to obferve fome particular Ceremonies at the Fune-
 yals of their Dead, founded moftly on sheir Noti-
ons of Religion, or fuck Opinions as they enter-
tained ‘concerning a future Life. — |
“'Thefe Ceremonics, no doubt, were look’d upon
sis a Kind of religious Duty, infgmuch that fome
of the ancient Writers have taken Notice, that
the Want of funeral Rites. was-confidered as the
greatelt Misfortune which could befal any Man;
and when any Perfon.died in ‘fuch a. Situation,
that no Rerfons were néar him to perform the Ce-

remonies of Sepulture, ic was look’d upon as a.

kind of Judgment, and thar fuch Perfon was un-
der the Difpleafure of the Gods. Thus Ho-
mer, -in the Iliad, ‘reckons the want of Sepulture
as the preateft Calamity which the Plague brought
upon the Army of the Greciazs.

Pliny takes Notice, that when Perfons at Sea
found themfelves in extream Danger of Shipwreck,
it was common for them to tye their Money, or

_ what other''Things.of Value they had with him,
about fome Part of their Bodies, with a Writing
which contain’d a Prayer to thofe who fhould
lighron the Body, to give it the Rires of Sepul-
ture, and to take the Money for their Pains : Ard
though there fhould be no Money, nor other Thing
of Value found about them, it was lovk’d upon
to be not only inhuman, but a kind of Impiety,
not to perform thofe Rites to a dead Body that
fhould be caft on Shore.
‘ Elian fays, there was a Law amongft the Atbe-
nians obliging thofe who fhould light on a dead
Body, to give it Burial, by placing the Head to-
wards the Kaft, and to perform fome other Ce-
remonies. . |
- The Parents, Relations, and Friends, in all
- Cafes, were wont to affift ac the Funeral; but
where the Decexfed was a Perfon who had done
fome fignal Service to the Commonwealth, it was
common for the whole People to attend: his Fune-
yal. And in Sparta, when the Kings died, every
Family was obliged to purone Man and one Wo-
‘man in Mourning; and if the deceafed Prince
happen’d to be beloved, ir was common for the
Women to wear theiy:Hair difhevell’d for a con-
fiderable 'Time. oe :
*. Among the Romans, if the Perfon to be carried
to the funeral Pile had born great Offices in the
State, or had fignaliz’d himfelf in War, or had
obtain’d Crowns for his Valour, they carried be-
fore him the Enfigns of bis publick Office, and all
‘the Marks of .his Honours, and alfo the Crowns
« he had- received, and the Standards, Colours, and
‘Spoils he had taken fromi the Enemies. |
Among all the ancient funeral Pomps, for Mag-
‘nificence, none came up to that of Alexander the

“Great, when his Body was brought from Babylon to

Alexandria in Egypt ; the Particulars of which are
. ‘deferibed by Diodorus Siculus, and which we fhall
( ~pake from him. : |

a.

» $,
at a

| Aridaus, who had the Charge of Alexander's Fune-

Chariot on which it was to be drawn, prepared

} wonderful Art, and the Workmanfhip the moft

‘ported by two Axle Trees, which went into four

Yn the Year when Phijocles was Archon of Athens,{ was Gald,~and in the Shape of a Liog’s Head bi-

HE Publick has already been en-| and Caius Sulpitius and Cains /Elius Confuls atRome ;{ting a Javelin.- In the middle of the Vaule wwiig 3

placed a Hinge, and ‘contrived with {- muck.
Art, as to prevent the Churiots rocking from: |
Side to Side, in roagh and uneven Ways. The <4
Chariot or Car, had four Poles, and -cach had
four Ranks of four Mules each to draw it. {fo that -
fixty four Mules were employ’d in drawing the,
Car, and thofe the ftrongeft, as well as the hand- +
fomeft that could be found; every Mule had &
Crown of Gold on its Head, and a golden Bell
nanging, at each Jaw, with a Collar of Jewels round
Thus rich and magnificent
which drew vatt Numbers of
from all Parts, who doubilef§ had never ‘feen any.
Thing. equal to it in Pomp and Grandeur: and
the largencfs of the Train which attended it. was
in all Retpeé&s pompous and futirable to tie Chas
riot; a vatt Number of Pioneers and Labourers
level’d the Roads thro’ which it was to pals, and |
a great Body of chofen Troops atteuded to do it
Honour, CF | an
Avideus after having {pent two Years in making
Preparations for this pompous March, braughr the.
Body in this manner to Ezypt from Babylon’: Piole-
my went with a mighty Army to mecr che Body
as far as Syria, and when he received it paid all
pofible Honours to it; he did not fend i: to the -
Temple of Fupiter Ammon, but co Alexandria a
City builr, and fo named by Alexander nimnel
and which at that Time was one ‘of the noblett in -
the World; there Piolemy built a Mauivienn for
his Body, which in thofé Days wag the Glory of”
the World for its Grandeur and- Magnificence ;
and #s foon as the Body was depofired therein, he
celebrated his Funeral with heroick Sacrificés and.
all Sorts of pompous Games. es

FOREIGN AFFAIRS,
They write fiom Conftantinople, that the Ba~.
fhaw of Natolia lying under ftrong Sitpicions 6b.
having been guilty of Corruption and Emortion. 2”
in his Goyernment, it is expected that tie Grind °°”
Signior will fend for his Head, an unchrijan,
Punighment often irflided among Turks and [he-
fidels for fuch petty Crimes, —— But fome think,
that if he has gor Money enough, he may make
the Prime Vizier and the other Minifers to lou
upon him fo favourably, as to renrefenr him met. -
guilty, or at leat to condemn him only to fomé a
{mall Fine, oo - ee
From Vienna, we are informed, -that among on
ther Things ftipulated by the iate Treacy ok...
Peace; there are fome con‘iderable Advantages -
provided for the Oftend Fatt India Compen y Janke *?
that {uch a Commerce is to Le carried on betwixe ~~.”
Flanders and Spain, as in a!l Probsbilitv. muft
confiderably inrich the latter; © thar they ralke
already that fome new Manufaftures are to betep
up in the Netherlands, and they expett a very © o82:
great Demand for thofe they already ASXaRZ eg 2 nti
Tt is.alfo affured,.that Don Carlos, Pre Gereneey,
is?to.marry the Archdurtchefs, Dauatbte-ax eure
prefent Emperor. eens
‘We are advifed from Rome, thaf\aBex
Councel ftill continues to fir ;. it conttReEr ee
dreal and twenty Archbifhops, Bithonesensyiite
les of abfent Bifhops. ——— Ir is (aS -
Matters there debated, do not fo mucly apr i 4
the Reformation of the Church, as the eps
. 5 Tor ers Cee RE ec BOTS SOS

es
a ¥,
-¥ mm Ay.4: 7? i.
rr i ath are. LS erat oe y
soft Feet ey" a.
ro on” 2 Cee Te Np GY

ral, of condu&ting the Body, having finifhed the
for his Masch.

‘But becaufe this Chariot, fuirable to the Glory
.of ‘that Monarch, was not only extreamly rich
‘and magnificent, but contrived alfo with moft

ec

curious thar had been feen, ie will not be impro-
‘per to ive fore Defeaigi Ustion of it.
P Hiersyraus was the Workman, or Artift, who
contriv’d it ; firft, he made a Golden Coffin, nor
caft, but work’d out, exattly fitted ta the Length
of the Body 3, then half‘fill'd ic with Asxomaticks,
and all Serts of Perfumes, both to give a good
Scent, and to preferve the Body. Upon this Cof-
fin was plac’d a golden Cover, made exactly fr,
and over it was raifed a purple Canopy embroi-
der’d with Gold, and near that the Imperial Arms
were plac’d.. The Chariot, é6r Car, which car-
ried all this had a golden Roof, made in the Form
of a Vault, adorn’d with Seules cover’d with-+
Jewels. ‘The Roof was eight Cubits high, and
twelve long, and under it was plae’d a f{quare
Throne, all of pureGold. There were two Stags
‘Heads in Grand, or Alto Relievo, on the Side of the
Throne ; from which two gold Rings, two Palms
diameter, -hung down; and from them a large
Feftoon, exprefling all the various Colours of Flow-
ers, difpoied with inimicable Beauty and Art,
Round the Top of the Chariot or Car, wenta
Fringe in Form of Network, from which little
Bells hung down, yet large enough to be heard
ata confiderable Diftance. In each Corner of the
Roof was feen the Figure of a Vi&tory bearing a
‘Trophy. -~-The Roof was fupported: by Pillars of
Gold with Chapjters of the Tonick Order, and
within thefe Pillars appeated a Lettice Work of
Gold about a Finger thick, and four Tablets dif.
pofed parallel to each other, adern‘d with the Fi-
gures of all fort of Animals.
On one of the Tablets, Alexander was reprefen-
ted, fitting ona Car, with a Scepter in his Hand,
the Macedonians atcendiog him on one Side, the
Ferfians on the other ; and before him his Armor
Bearers. —-—~-— In the fecond Tablet were de-
lineated Elephants, arm’d as for War, following
the King, carrying Indians before, and Macedoni-
ans Rehind, npon their Backs, both Nations being
in their proper Arms. In the third Tablet
appear Squadrons of Horfe, drawn'up as in Line
of Battle. And inthe fourth, Ships were dif-
covered, as if ready for a Sea Fight. Ar
the Entrance of the Vault, Liens were placed,
who feem’d to look on thofe who approach’d ; be-
twixt every two Pillars there was a golden Acan-
thus, or Border, which reach’d almof up to the
Chapiters or Foot of the Arches : Over the Roof
was a purple Canopy, expofed to the Air, and
bearing a golden Crown, Which look’d as if made
of Branches of Olive ; and when the Sua fhined
upon it, it refle&ted back fo ftrong a.Light, that
it feem’d to flath againft the Beholdets Eyes like
Lightning. ‘This great Chariot or Car, was fup-

‘aed? =

was this Chartog, —
People to fee ir, ©

t
-
~
OQ».

Wheels, of the Perfian Fafhion: The Spokes
were all gilt, bute thae Part of the Wheal which
touch’d the Ground, was cover'd with Iron Plates;
all. that. Part of the Axle Tree which appeared,

*
4
*

“~
« he

_
 tain Tenets of the Jefuits.will be. brought upoz
the Tapis, the Parcizans of which Socicty expect
no great Benefir to their Order from this Councel.
——-By private Leiters from the fume Place, we
are informed, saat the Marriage of the Daughter
of King Staniflaus of Poland was negotiated there,
[vize Rome] but the Husband which is afligned
_ her is the Duke of Bourbon, and that the Cardi-
nal Poligniac had mov'd for a Difpenfation for the
* Marriage of the young King of ‘France with Ma-
demoifelle de Sens Therefe Alexandrine de Bour-
bon Conde, Sifter of the Duke of Bourbon, born
Sept. 15.-N..5.. 1705. oe

, ~L‘O NDON,’ Myt5. |
They write trom Rfode-Hland, that a Ship ts

~ come in there belonging to-one Captain Rhodes,.

from Jamaica, but latt from the Bahama Hlands ;
the Mate gives an Acccunt, that as the Ship lay
at Crooked Hland, the Captain, ‘with two Hands,
went in the Boat aboard a Sloop that lay at fome
Diftanct from them; and while he was aboard, a
Veffel came down
ral Guns, and made her a Prize ;, whereupon. the
Mate concluded the faid Veflel to be.a Pyrate, and.
fo made the belt of his Way with-the Ship, lea-
_ving his Captain and.the two Men, before-men-
tioned, behind. - By. the fame Ship we: un-
derftand, that Captain Kelley was one of thoic
Ships the Pyrate Sprigg took near the Bay. of
Honduras, who burnt the Ship, but gaye Captain
Kelfey. and Company, her Long-Boar, in which
they gor fafe to the Ifland of Boriaco; afterwards
a Sloop came by, and tovok them off the fuid
land. | _
Captain Brewer was taken by a Spanifh Vel-
fel inthe Latitude of 30, who made him hoift
out his Boar, and. come aboard rhe Pyrate, who
robb’d hiin of two fmall Arms, a Hogfhead of
- Moluffes, two Pieces of Holland, a Cafe of Rum,
and the wearing Apparel of all-his Crew, and
‘then difinifs’d his Ship. oo 7
-From Oxford, That a young Gentleman of a-
bout 18 Years of Age fhet himfelf with a Muf-
quet, into the Breait, and dy’d upon: the Spot.
. His Death is charged to the Uneafinefs he was
under from fome finall Debrs he had contra&ted
there. :
From Rochefter, That a young Lady, Wife to a
Clergyman there, hang’d her felf while her Hus-
band was at Church : The Caufe of her Digan-
tent is not known. 7

SIR, | : -
AVING obferv'd -that the Town are fitent
about Yonathan Wild, and that a certain di-
ftrefs’d E——-t is, at prefent, the Subje& of their
Enquiry and Difcourfe, I was induc’d to aflign a
Reafon for it in the following Tetrattich, which

you are.at Liberty to difpofe of as you think fit.

| | Iam, yours, — .
, PAUL STEADY.

_ Asin the Sea (Egypt's and India’s Boaft)

' "The Nile and Ganges, rival Streams! are loft:
’ So Blueskin, Sheppard, mighty Names ! muft yield,
And wW--id be fwallow’d up in Macc——d. -

- We hear that purfuant to his Majefty’s Letters
| Patent, Mr. Browne has eref&ted an Engine for
beating large Quantities of .Hemp, without the
intolerable hard Labour of beating by the Hand.
This Engine worked for the firft time_laft Week,
at Mr. Hauge’s Yard, on the ‘Thames Wall, in the
Parifh of Lambeth, oppofite to Whitehall, before
feveral Perfons of Quality, and others, with uni-
verfal Approbation, performing berter and chea-
per than any of the Methods now in Ufe ; fo tliat
the Invention is hike to meet with great Encou-

on the faid- Sloop, fir’d feve-

‘| Chefter, about his Lordthip’s refufing to admit

ragement-from ‘the Linnen Manufaftury ‘at this

Time, when Work-houfes are fetting up in all

Parts of the Kingdom); thefe Engines being ex-’
treamly .ufeful for imploying the Poor in the
more cafy Parts of the Linnen. Manufa&tury. — -

__ Some Days ago a Boat overfet in the River near
Deptford, with five Men in her,.one of them was
drown'd, aid the other four got upon the Keel of
the Baat, which drove down with the Tide as far
as Greenwich, from whence Affiltance came and
broughr all che Men afhore.

About the fame Time a Man going down to

| the ‘Thames Side to drown a Cat, got into a Boat,

and. threw: her. into the Water, and going to
itrike her on the Head with the Boat-hook, over-
reach’d. himfelf, felj into, the Water, and was
drown'd, noiwithftanding. all Ateemprs to fave
line " cat, . ;

We hear that four Perfons have been taken up
in the Borough for their Dexterity in fplisting of
Farthings, filvering them over, and pafling them
for Six-pences ; . The Gang confifted of nine, but
five of them efcaped for that Time: Qne of‘thefe
taken, is Wife to Cooper the blind Man, formerly
try ‘d for Coining. } |

On the 7th Inftant, a notable Tryal came on
before the- Lord Chief Baron Eye, in his Maje-
fty’s Court of Exchequer, on the Account of
Horns, pretended to be wrought, on which a Cu-
ftom-Houle Officer was Profecutor, as well for
his Majefty as himfelf, and the. Royal African
Company of England: Defendant : The Company
of Horners prov’d the Goods unwrought, and the
Cuftom-Houfe Officer prov’d a legal Seizure, fo
that by a-Verdict the fume was forfeited, and
double the Value, by Virtue of an A& of Parlia-
ment of Edward the IYth, and likewife of James
the Ift. | |

_ Monday being the laft-Day of the Term, Mr.
Alderman Barber was with. his Bail, hovourably
difcharg’d of his Recognizance at the Court o!
King’s Bench, Weftmintter. —

The fame Day Baron Wallenrodt, Envoy of
the King of Pruffia at our Court, embark’d at
Gravefend for Holland, in order.to return home.

We hear thar-the Earl of Marchmont and the
Lord Whitworth, Ambafladors and Plenipstenti-
aries a: the intended Congrefs of Cambray are e-
very Day expected home.

Some Days ago the: Caufe that was depending
for feveral Years, between the Reverend Mr.
Peploe and the Right Reverend the Bifhop of

him into the Wardenfhip of Manchefter-Collcge,
was decided in the Court of King’s-Bench in Fa-
vour of the former. . a
. Promotions. His Majefty hath appointed the fix
Captains of the Independant Companijes that are
ro be raifed in the Highlands of North-Britzain, as
follows, the Lord Lovat, Collonel Grant, Sir
Duncan Campbell, John Campbell, Eig; Collin
Campbell, Efg;. and George Monrve, Efq;—-
Robert Hurft, E{q; is made Commiffary of the
Mutters of -his Majefty’s Forces in Placentia, Can-
fo, and other Places in North-America. —
Letters Patents are. paffing the Seals for creating
Henry Fermor, Efq; of Sevenonk in the County
of Kent, a.Baronet of .Great-Britain.
The Reverend. Mr. Sam.. Gilman, Chaplain to
the Bifhop of Exeter, is prefented to the Rettory
of Ickenham in Middlefex, worth 3001. per Ann.
, The Reverend Mr. Vernon is indu&ed to
the Living of Shadwell; and. the Reverend Mr.
Carter is prefented to the Vicarage of Wett-Ham,
in the County of Effex, in the Room of: the faid
Mr. Vernon, - .
Deaths. ‘Juftice Botelear, of Weltminfter, for-:

merly Commander gf a Man of War. saaamedl

fdon, his Majefty's high Commiflioner,

Captain Wyndham, Commander of the Diamond:

Man ‘of War in the Weit-Indics. --— Mr, Wil-

ain. suthout Temple-Bar, fhot himfelf wich a
1 0) Se —_ :

Marriages... Carmarthen the eldeft Son: of-
—_—_—— Lloyd, iG », Of Peitibrokefhire to Sir
Richard Stzel’s Dadghrer. ———_-._ Cockerell,
-Efq; of Gloucefter, a-Gentleman of 2000 | per
Ann. “to a pretended Weft-India Lady of 40,0001.
Fortune. © Poe
. Treaties’ of Marriages. Mr. Clement Boehm, a
Hamburgh Merchant, with:a-« aughter of Sir
Gilbert Heathcote, fenior Alderifian of the. Ci ty.
The Hon. William Towsthead; Eq; 3d
Son to the Lord Townfhend, ahd'.Member for
Great Yarmouth, to the Lord William Pawlet’s:
Daugh<er. William Scawen, Ef; of Cathal-
ton, cidcit Son to Sir Thomas $ciwen, Aldermaa-
of London, and Mrs. Ruffel, only: Daughter of.
the late Lord James Ruficl, Uncle to the Duke of.
Bedford,. a Fortune of 60000 1, ————— The
Hon, Mr. North, Son and Heir to rhe Lord Guil-
ford, to a Daughter of the Earl of. Hallifax, by.
his firff Lady, © Lt a,

They tell us fron Norwich, that a Lady there
havirg a Suit or two of Law cut out for her, em
ploy’d a certain Operator to difpatch thofé rrou-
bletome Jobbs as déxteroufly as le could ; which —
being done, this honeft Man of an Attorney brings
in his Bill, which amounted to no more. than
347 1. The Lady told her Opinion freely, viz...
that it was-too dear, and therefore offer’d him
200]. but not one Farthing was to be abated ;.
for, as he faid, ie was not a Taylor's Bil, to be
clipp’d off with the Shears; and therefore, if fhe
did not pay Mr. Parchment; he would pay him-
felf. —__——- Upon this the Lady, being a lire
whimfical, came ‘to London, fummon'd him be- |

ore a Judge ; and, after a fair Hearing, the Ac-
count fhrunk to 351. 13s. 4d. |
The Lord Falmouth arrived at Bublin
t We fee. advertifed ia the Dublin Courant, near
60 Deferters, from the Regiments in Ireland,
¢hiefly in the Monch of April laft. 7

On Wednefday a Cobler near Panton-Square,
received Advice, of an Eftate of 5001. per Ann,
falten to him, which he is gone to take Poffef.
fion of. a De,

‘His Excellency Horace Walpole, Efq; his Ma-
jefty’s Ambaffador Extrgordinury at the French
Court, is arrived from Paris, - ,

Thurfday the Seffions began at the Old-Baily,
when John Plant was capitally convifed for a
Street-Robbery. William NoHon and Thomas
Nolfon, Brothers, were try’d for the Highway,
and acquitted. ;

Yefterday Jonathan Wild was brought down to
be try’d; but Mr. Attorney-General having other
Bufinefs, fo that he could not attend, the Tryal
was put off till rhis Day Ce

Five of thofe Men taken among the Pyrates in
the North of Scotland, are removed from the
Marfhalfea in Southwark to Newgate, in order -
to be Evidences againft the faid Pyrates at the
Court of Admiralty to beheld next Wednefday
fe’nnight, at the Old-Baily. :

The Trade of Inoculation is induftrioufly car-
riedon. | This Week the Lord William Manners,
Brother to the Duke of Portland, underwent the
Operation ; alfo a Son of Governor Boon, ani fe-
veral others. _ : ~

‘They write from Edinburgh of the 6th Inftanr,
that the General Affambly of the Church of Scots
land met that Day, when the Rev. Mr. Wishart,
Principal of the College, and one of the Minifters _
of that City, preached before the Earl ma

rom

the

 * ‘ gus

Kings, ii, 12. after which they proceeded to the HE, Géorge and Ked Lyon fnn in Barnet, 13 Rooms on|  *,* Fourteen Difodur es preety, ral
Choice of a Moderator. _ Lg ‘1 a Floor, with Stabling for 109. Horfes, the Houfe new} William Shorey, A; M. Lecturer of St. iwrence fon by

“The Right Honourable Talbot Yelverton, Earl f builg, and'in very good Repairs Inguire of Mrs. Poo'e,.J Printed for W.and J. Innysag the Weft:End of 9¢° Paul’ b>
of Suffex, one of the Lords of his Majefty’s Bed-| S*¢Wat in Barncc, and you may know farthey.. N. B, ‘The - - cremiytetad, *

» « | | le: Touffas infur'’d from Fire. | I. Dr. Biffe’s Sermons on the Common-Pra
Chamber, 1s appointed Deputy tq.the molt gob cy This Day is publi , | If. Dr. Mangey’s Sermons on the Lord's Prayer oN
Thomas Duke of Norfolk, Earl Marfhal and He-}. « « a pigtritation an the Ateatnablenels, Folly, and U1. Mr. Baily s Sermons, 2 Vol. &vo. 4 BYO.
reditary Marfhal of England, upon. He 'Refigna- Danger of infidclity, oceafioned by a late virulent Book, en-| ope Thang Sermons, | 2. vol. bye. nowledge and L |
ttuled, a Difeourfe on the Grounds and Reafons of the Chri-} God, by the Archbithop of Cambray, syo. - Se and ove.of

tion of the Right Honourable the. Bar A of Berk- teoan Religion. By. Theotimus Philalethes. Printed for R. ee |
I EN 2¥ COX, living nt Docr toe
3 > ign of the Fa; ri 0 the
is~-@ Hye tn one and ts ine

+

fhire. re ae ; Wilkin at the King’s Head in St. Payl's Church-Yard.
Advices from Conftantinople, dated. April 4, Advice toa § nates may be had, ad for Holy Order
import, that great Cabals ago’ formjng-at'Court,| 304 Clergyman. ne Univerity, dengnes for Holy Orders} Cold, which fell en bY lot tae
Juft publithed (printed at the Defire of the Minifters of the pight, | infomtch that f did never exped I thee over te
Bench of the two Hon: Sacietics of the Temple) - ponent to fe again, but happily was advitd t- make UsS -
*," The Ufe and Intent of Prophecy. in the feveral Ages Co Mars. Cater, wio, not only at firt 3i ity to my no finall
of the World, in Difcourfes,, delivered at the Temple | “uot, told-me I was curable, and alfydidy nnder God Der.
Church, in April and May, 1724, ‘To which are added; three hie T the fame in.as thort a'Time as could: be exo: ed and
Differtations, I. The Authority of thefecond Epiftle of Sr. | tS. 40 for no: other Intent tut for the Good ali: eneht of
Peter. II. ‘The Senfe o% the Ancients before Chrift, upon | (20.,Who may mect with the like Affliztion: Tac (id Kips. C
the Circumftances and Confequenees of the Fall. ff. The | $$ Mill lives in Caftte-Court,. Birenin-Lane, at the Si of the
Bleffing of Judah, Gen. xlix, By Tho. Sherlock,. D. D. Dean and and Eye. } mo
of Chichefter. and Mafter of the-Temple, Printed for J. Pem- ote, She eures without any Inftrument 3 and fhe infallitt
berton again St, Dunftan’s Chureh in Flect-Street. “- they cat REMes, ite Baek the lo.ft Grain of Correx, ot thee
This Day is publifhed Letters received ‘except Pott saree five: hullings the-Vial, Na
*,* A moral Proof of the Certainty of’a future State, 8vo. | .. el }
Printed for W. and J. Innysat the Wer End of St. Paul’s. Jeg artueh stroma ATE . UM, or the Aithmatick Jy.
. ere may by Pee snown by many Years Ex to-ben ne.
I. The Princighy of Deifin truly reprefentc4 and fet ina ver £-iling Medicine in old obftinate A Arree 60 “be a Re
clear Light, in two Dialogues between a Sceptick and a De- | 5-108 Fit it putso-¥’in a Moment; it giy-¢ a pertet Relice
ift. The firft concerning the Chriftian Revelation. The fe- ra training latorious C.ughs, that re danereifalie ie hid
cond coneerning Nati 2ine Night and Morning ; ’tisa moft -<eellent. Remedy fre

Religion. ‘The 3d Edition, syo.
II. Mr, Martin's Difcourf of the Truth and Certainty of } Shortnets of Breath upon any Moti in. oy t
r i pot Difficulty, Straightne of qa Breat anit eng wi

Natural Religion, and the indifpenfible Obligations to vi
ligions Worthip, from Nature and Reafon. ‘The fecond Edi- ing the Be mepeting wae this admirable Tullep by onva.
» SVO. wee oa renumonick Paffages sit nen-
Se . ; trates AN 31 sd
This Day is Paton ki ae ed to the Rt. Hon. Lerd Chief vith totigh thick cold chery mW eee ‘hers meeti\g
ice King, the fecond Edition, o ivi + ; ee ey 10 aClEentiatas
geste The Ruffian Catechifmn, compofed and publithed by Or- expedient throws my all fie Maes, ind {pitri: g. ic
: er of the CZAR. To which annexed, a fhort Account of | Eafe and Pleafure, thereby cleanfing an ts. ie the greutsf
, erg , government and (Ceremonies of the Mufccvires, | and Lungs, when ftu‘fed up and c'ogged with ane EIS {reurt -
ot the ‘Ang  Gutts. Price 14, 6d. Printed for W. Meadows | fo prevents Coniumptiois, Uletrs of the 'as oye oad. aad
at ah ingel in Corabill, _, Where may be had, juft pubiith- | It is a fafe and pleafunt Meicine s to he taker @, Note,
ed, for the Ute of Schools, Excerpta Mifcellanea ex Preba- | according tothe printed Vire‘ti:ns, «with Ut het. Hy ‘on fais,
the bet C rene atinse Auctoribus, being a Collection from | ment, or Danger of catching Coll.” To be ta ae oh . Confine.
that Bo cks of cafy and uletul Pieces of Morality, &c. | Strahan’s at the Golden-Ball over-againgt th» © civ9: ir. Gerge
at Boys may begin with-the Purity of the Latin Tongue, | Cornhill, andat na other Place. Price 2's. 6d yt “Eachauge, ;

on ‘Account of: the Indifpofitiun of the Grand
Seigniors’s eldeft Son, who.was fallen fo dange-
roufly ill that they:--defpair'd..of his Recovery.
The Sultan who was mych affiicd at.it, and
the Mufti, hath: ordered publick Prayers to
be faidin all the Mofques, to obtain of Maho-
met the Prefervation cf sl¢ Prince, who is the
Darling of the whole Ortoman Empire. —

Mr. Hornby, Clerk of the Works at the Admi-
ralty Office, who being accufed of uttering coun-
terfeit Pieces of Gold, and fufpefted ta be con-
cerned with the Gang that adulterates the Coin,
thought. fit to abfcond lately, was Yefterday ta-
ken in his Bed, in Wapping, by fome of the King’s
Meifengers. ae

They write from Windfor, that a Difcovery
has been made of a vile PraGice carry’d on by
the Poft-Boys, who have: broke open the Mails}
themfelves, taken cut fome Letters, and threw
others about the Road, particularly. about a Fort-
night o,. between that Town and London ; ane
,of the faid Boys has impeach'd. , .

On Tuefday laft there was a Tryal at the Com-
mou-Pleas Bar, Weftminfter, between Mr. Barker
a Mafter Taylor, Plaintiif, and Mr. Huntinford a
Baker, Defendant, for an Aifjault, Battery and

z : . . which is fuited. to their Capaejties, und will improv j .
Maim, committed by the latter in throwing down Fancies and judgments for ‘their firft Compofitions. By 1. Againt the VENEREAL DISEASP
the Plaintiff, and diflocating his: Thigh-bone in] Hotch%is, A.M. HE ramous Italian BOL U %,-has f ‘Suece® in
the Cr rs ne #8 3 AAS lO great: Suceefy in
e Cure of the Vencres’ Difeife, that not ong o- thy

. Lately publifhed, in Latin, — ] :
culi*s9 ane, Religions, five Foclefie Anglicance Arti- Eno fe eer, ee daily tae i - miss of'a per.est Cures 1:
with proper Citathons rag ommentary oF the 39 Articies, | fil to root out and ca ry at then a our Bol uffs reer
luftrating or confirming the fame ; as alfo from the ben? il- | and obftinate kind of the vencrial Lifeate, “\ethou? YEU oe
dern Writers. ‘Together with Anfwers to moft of th pO ment, or making your Cafe known to anv: which SOIC. «
Gtions hitherto made againft them. The whole a * tue Obse- | to do, the Money is returned ‘This reir, hietiein it it Mils
ry eear and confpicuious Method, and chiefly degned for the footers Mercury, and carries it ont oF the Pod ne, Hacwite
verend Mr. bord. Sold by J. Knapron at the ‘Cro omicr Curcs. Is to be hzd only “t the Flamin;
Paul's Chureh-Yard, J. Brotherton at the Bible in Cornhitt: | SvoTd, the Corner of Ruflel-Strecr, ainfe Will's Goa
and J. Humfreysin Barthclomew- Lane, -behind the Royal-Ex. rerteit: ovent- arden pan if fold

There was alfo a Caufe try’d in the fame
; change; at the laft of which ibers
elierdaee the Which Places the Subferibers Books are | -reeuarium Mirabile: dmirat :
E rable: Or, the Admirable Ete2uary,

Court between Mr, Barnes, a Painter, Plaintiff,
and an Officer of the Exeiie, Defe:dant, for Cri- - April26, rz25, which infallibly cures all Cegrees and § aor
° * ‘ - . . 7 . ° ’ rf 4 : * 4 ym to . oh
minal Converfation with the Plaintiff’s Wife. a Sd SALS for printing by Subicription, af Abridgment, Mein pittafe, with, more Ea, Speed and Saicty, than any
oF the eompleat Maneges or The Noble Art of Riding cine yet publifh'd ; any -old Runnin &e. tho id
The Jury gave 200 |. Damages, the Horfé. In'French. ‘The Work will be printed on the | Yerul Years ftanding, whether occafion'd’ by an ee Ge fe
| . ; beft Paver, with fifty Cutts, or above reprefenting all the | Weaknef§ of tte Seminals, or the +: eticts Q, an over-ftrain,
South-Sea Stock 1s T22, one 8th. India 163; Figures belonging to the Manege, with proper Inftriction to | ON. 38 certainly cur’d in a fhort Time with former Tnfeztjz.
one half. Bank 133. African 10, one half. each Cut. The Plates to be engraven with the utmoft Exaét- | Confinement, Snfpicion, or the Ute of “Aftrine sure Mintte’s
ye oe : nefs and Perfection, by the beft Hand, and printed on the be | Medicine fo wonderfully pleafant and cafe et eens F
A Letter fign'd Mifomorus, and another V. av2\ French Paper in Folio, at the Requeft of feveral Perfons of} that the nireft Palate, or -weakewt Conftitytian pera ony ,
come to Hand, which foall be inferted next Week or the the srt Rants, Done oy, Monfeur le Baron g Eifenberg. wen Delight ‘ Tivo Pots are generally fifielent’ to commlece:
‘ eric | as, one anda i in mo > e vw An eee
Week after, and Several others the prft Opportunity, . fibferibing, and the Remainder on the. Delivery tebe Poor a Graduate Phyfician, who rans pede Author Dr. Cun,
| ° . Book, which will be about January next’ Subfriptions are conftantly to be advis’d with at his Howe at’ the a nay 1S
ADVERTISEMENTS. [fRe¢gdmoy Mi Moll, Geographer, againft Devercux-Court in | 80d Lamp, in Bow Church-Yard: in Cheapfide, at half aGuines
<7OUTH Boardedand Educatedin Greek, Latin, and French,
alfo Writing, Arithmetick, Merchants and Stewards Ac-
Acounts, with foreign Exchanges, by Wm. Brooks, and pro-
Mafters, at the Hand and Pen in Wardour-Street, over-

- fuch a Manner that the fame is become incurable, |
and he rendeér’d incapable of providing for him-
felf and Family, being in the 76:h Year of his
Age; but it appearing thar there had always been
a Friendfhip between them, and that the Mis-
fortune was purely accidental, and without the
leaft Malice, the Jury gave the Plaintiff 20 1.

Damage. ver-3733 Nie Cate

5 Ovcr-again{t Will's Coa.
at any otker Place is. Coun:

the Strand, -William’s Coffee-Houfe near St. Tames’ the Pot.
George’s Coffee-Houfé in Piccadilly. James's, and INCTUR A NERVOSA: CA ! |
. T ata ; . CARDIACA, or the Cordial
., Tobe Lett for 2x Years, or alefs Time, . Tincture for the Nerves, being an approved, exnerienc.
A VERY convenient Honfe, 8 Rooms on a Floot, a Coach- | 24 never-iailing Medicament in finking lengnifiing. aad
Houle, Stables, and other Cut-Houfs, a good Garden lownefs af Spirits, Palpitation,. or Trembling of tic Hea} and
Pgainft St. Ann’s Court in old: N and Fifh-Ponds, with or without, 39 Acres of Land adjoini a ptalitick, foporofe and convulfive Difleners, and ima -
Book of Writing in all the Hands of Great Britain, is larel? (2° Midfummer or Michaelmas next in Great Horwood, Buck- | \fcgous, of the Head and Nerves it infulibly prevents the
3 inghamfhire ies fro don i , t S$ oF Cokiée an :
performed and fold by the Mafter of the faldSchool. ss J BMAD skin ham, eight fron Ailesbine ge ae four in moft People the above-mentioned Buktet” newiog ions
Hs KY DICKENSON from SCA BOROUGH. SPAW, | Barker's in Horwood, or at Mr, Mael’s Warwick-Court in mney whlch you'll fee at large in the printed Boak of Dirett
conmnnes yet at ce Hole in the Wall, oppotite, to Lin-'{ Warwick-Lane, London. | > ons) cat by takin 2 few Props of this moft pleafant deli.
coms :inn-Gate; 10 cery-Lane, where he is always in|}: anit : : tly Difh o ee or Te ima :
Asti abuse wih nit peel top of his worthy Pilend nde| Cy Lite, Eitates oun ee te yas (oF Places for | drink at Liberty for this great Medicine pene-rares thtorghy
si ’ 3 PPet- {hold or upon fhort Leafts in London. A good Houfe with | cordia wi » ane lo recnuts the Kraia and Pree-:
Plate being already engrav’d by Mr. Vertue. ~~ | Gardens near the Thames. A good Hone § oute with | cordia with a full Infux of exulting Spirits which nerform thes
If any Chairmen are willing to go to Searborough during the ae, "y onfé, with fome Land in | Bufinefs of vital Funétion with freth A laccr ror he
Pro ion of Parliament, he will giye them ther Paflage by a eee Eobe fle an sate oF x00 |. a Year in the Acs that the Pulte, whioh lay feeble and wavering, wat
ports tatis, and all fitting Encouragement, if they think pro- rks. A Copyhold Kétate in Middlefer. An“ Eftate with a | over, it wonderfully difpertes Hear Saf ref, confines mores
ee ve ge wes : : College-Leafe in Bucks. A College Leafe of 100 }, i itchi “#ar, oadnels, confiufed Thoughts,
R. Nathaniel Spindlar of Bating-Lane, being lately de-| Sufffx. An Eftate of gool. a Year in Norbik, © A toed Frvilchings of the Leg and Arms, diftusbed Slee, and alten
ceafed, his Warehonfe of Feathers, Ticks, and other FHoufe, Out-Heufts, and Gardens, near ‘Tnnbridge-Wells. A | Vomiting, puts of Taufeor wie choly. Tt ihewigi Rops
Upholftry Goods, pith a Dwelling Hout, are ito be, let to Perfon bay Money to lend, -at low Intereft, in large, Sums.{ and is now in great Eftcem amongit Quality. fod Apvetite,

alfo his printing Rowlesto be fold, and printing Hoult to] Letters and Propo&als to be Sent te Bury-Street, St. ‘agai :

a3

4 ° ar ~

“4
ad
—. -

. > >.
 we
+ *
LJ

A, the Year 148
. , . of York. °

“.

‘ ole

’ ae
ae of ”

Jand ;., where

their ancient

qa _!

e
*

fy “*
6 . ._ ee ie
:

This Day is publith’d,

* * An hiftorieal Effay ‘dn'the legifative Power of Eng-
ad in the Origin of both Houles of Parliament,
Conltitution; and the Changes ‘that have happen-

ed in the Perfons that competed them, with the Cccaiions

' thereot, are rel
Thitigs conctrning

related in a chronologicat Order; and many

the Englith Goverament, the Antiquities;

of the Liws oF England, and the feudal Law are cécafionally

iitudtraced and explained.

Mer-Temyle, Efq;

‘gy-George St. Amand of the In-
Printed for THU. WOODWARD at the
ft St. Dunftan’s Church it Ficet-Street,

-HalfMoon over-again

and fold’by J.STA

GG in Weftminfter-Hall.

. Where may be had,

“TA Colicétion of Debates.of the Houle of ‘Commons, in

>. Henry Capel,
» Henry

"4°. Tho. Player, Sir_iKich.
7 ay Eq; ;Hugh Bofcawen, Efg3 John, Trenchard, E(g;
en, Efq; Sir Roger Hill, Sir William Jones, -Sir,
‘Laurence
birch,
‘Members. that compofed th

‘ -Micl Finch,
John Hampd
* Kichard_ Mafon
Ing, Efq; Col.

, relating-to the Bill of Exclufion of the Duke.
Containing the. Speeches of the Lord Kuffel, Sir
- Sir Er. Winnington, Ral. Montague, E/fq;
Booth,..&fq; Sir Gilb. Cerrard, Sir Lion. Jenkins, Sir

Graham, Sir William Poultney, a-

ide, Eig, Col. Legg, Edw. Deer-:
with many more; and a Lift of the;
- Houfe, To which is. added, .

the Debates of the Houft of Commons aflembicd at Oxford,;
March 21, 1610. .Asalfo an Introduction, thewing the Pro-:
“grefs of Popcrys. from the Retormation to the pretent Time,

[f. A compleat

-, Collection of Inferiptions, Medals,

Sct of Bibliotheca Literaria ; containing a‘

Difirtations, &c.

TIE. The Hittory of the anciont and modera State of the
’ Principality of Waies, Dutchy ot Cornwal, and Earldom of

Chefter. By Sir John Dederidge, Kt: -
ha IV. Dr. Die dcn's View and’ Lefence of the Englith Contti-.

tution. . ,

V. Whe Cafeof Ireland's being bound by Act of Parliament

in Englind, ftated by William Mollynenx of Dublin, Ef;

N in‘allible Cure for the SCURVY in all its moft grievous

- Symptomis

Conftitutions, by unpa

the Binod and Juic 7
inod and J spurities, and pertectly clear the whole Ha-

lotches, Suri¢its, Itchings, breakings out,
D: filement of the Skin ; certainly removing ail

them from all tinp
bit of all Spots,
and every other

in both Sexes, and in Perfons of all Ages and.

rallel’d chymical Drcps, which purify
rectify and fweerey all the Fluids, cleanfe

Weaknels and Imbecility common to many fcorbutick 1 er-;
fons, abfolutely eradicating the ‘curvy; and all its attendant:
Symptoms in a moft wonderful Manner, entirely deftroying’

it Root and Branch,

very thot Space of
‘or Confinement, as

never toreturn again ; and that in a
without the leaft Sicknefs, Tronble,:
ienced. Are fold on-

-fo as
Time,
Thoufands have ex

ty by the Author's Appotatment, by the Gentlewomz2n at the

Two Blue Pofts in

dydon-Yard in the Minories, at rs. 6d.

a Bottle, with Direions.

ONSUMPTIONS of all forts radically cur’d,.oy a famous:
Elixir pecutiarly invented for that Difeafe: | its wanderfir
‘Efficacy fuffciently explodes the erroncous Opinion, that Con-.

dimptions are incurable, sinee
tho’ reduc’d to a meer Skeicton ;

as Corgh, Hearfenefs, Wheenr : |
Weight in the Breaft, Spitting of Blood, Sore--

. Symptons, _
Bicath, Pain or
“nefs of the Stomiac

1ince it abfolutely reeves the Patient.
quic ly takes of all rhe
‘Wheefing, Shortness of

h, Throat or Windpipe: .Alfo Catarrhs or

Defuxions of fharp Aheum, andall phthyfical and afth natical
Effects, heétic Fever, &c’ perfeerly cures all interna! ‘Ulcers
reftores all inward Waftings, Weaknefs and Decay of Nature,

being baifamic an
redly cradicates t
rectifying t

d ftrengthening beyond Comparifon. It affn-
he firft Principle or Caufe of Canfumptions,
he Diforders of the Stomach and firft Paffages, crea-

ting an Appctite, procuring a good Digeftion, reducing the
vic gus Ferment of the Blood and Juices, correcting the acrid
Salts that crode the Lungs, certainly healing: Ulcers therein,
and infallibly curing all forts of Conftunptions, tho’ never fo
- bad, in a very.short Time, toa Miracle. Price 3s. 6 d. a Bot-

tle, with Directions.
at the Kofe and Crown

“Ts fold only at Mr. Radford’s Toyfhop,
againit St. Cienient’s Church-Yard in

the Strand, near Arundel-Street End.

End ot Baytholomew-iane, Lothbury, near the Royal-Bx-

(AMALIE. VOICE, in Whalebone-Court, atthe lower
J

cirange, fettcth

Manner, ‘which, are fo f
ken out and put in againb

in ARTIFICIAL TEETH in the moft exact |

fo fitted and fet in, that they may be ta-
y the Perfons themi{elvcs, and are

‘ not to be difterned from the Natural; they not only preferve
the Speech, but alfo preferve the Teeth next to them from
- Joofening or falling out; bat thoft who haveStumps to fet

them on, may, with the greateft Security,
they will anfiver the Ends of natural Tect

dcpend pon it, that

N.B He fells and mends Watches of all Sorts.

that

phew
mall-Pox,

e prepares a fine Italian Cream for the
Le Avhich plumps and fmooths the Skin to #4
White-Pots, and Tower-Street Pots, with an Eaft-.

Hands
the Nuns

Indi inefe Red Liquor. \
Pe Te gives a meft natural and lafting Bluth, that no Perfon

when on the
the red Crown Cakes, White-Pafte, or Cakes

can difttinguith
Alfo to be had,

“” tor the Face, or Hands,

.Hockle.
alters fed oF grey Hair to a Hight or dark Browa.

alters red or

Beautifiers yet known 1 A
paration of Pearl : witha particular beautity-

ing Fini

4 Rednefs, Pimp'es, Roughnefs,

urf, Sun-burn ; of tl
- with other Defilements of the Skin, Likewife

Ax the Dove and Goldzn Ball in Salisbury-

Court, Fieet-ftrect, liveth a Gentlewoman
prepares the moft excellent Cofmetick or

as that moft hoble Pre-
d, both which wed. by Ladies of the

uality; they, with Suvprize, take away
Worms, Mor-

Freckles, Wrinkles, Pits of the

Neck, and
dmiration ;

Face

A
none having the Secret, but her-
Face, and not to be rubo’d o

and all. other Cofmeticks formerly fold
N. B. She has a chymical Liquor which

JN all hyfterick

-caufes any Sorenefs of the Eyes, and all Sores,

ft. |.almoft think it was done by immediate divine Afi

been once kag Wa. to: fail,

.
- ?

“The Great Reftorative, | 7
Diitates, whither hypochondriach Melangioty.

ET: "
ert ra
* LSP

4

A. in icn, cr Vapours in Women, however circamé
to what Degree feever advanced, or of ever fo long:
are fpcedily und infultibly cured,: fo.as never to return “agen;
by a pieafant compound Medicament, chymically prepared J¢
the choice. Anti-idyftericks in the- whole Art of Chyaittyy"?
This Medicine having cured Thoufands of Men and Woaen,
of Aiclancholy and Vapours, may be depended on fora per-ect
Cure 5 it ftrikes immediately at the tirft Caufe of this biftem:
per, and entirely deftroys it Root and Branch, rectifying that
Vitiated Ferment in the Stomach, whicy.is generally the firft
and chicr Caufe, and thereby cures Indigeition, purifies the
Blood and:=pirits, ftrengthens the Prain und Nerves, chears
the whole-Frame, ftops Vomiting, ciears the Head from contn-

fed Thoughts, removes Fears, Saincls, difturd‘d Sleep, ‘Twitch-}

ings of the Arms or Legs, cures Palpitition or Trembling of
the Heart; and indeed ali other the many and various Syinp-
toms that attend tkis grievous Diftemper; for take away the
Caufe and tic Effe-t willceafé. Sold for 4:s.6d. the Bott e,
at the Golden Fall on Puddle-Dock-Hill, near Ludgate-Streat,
and no where elfe. -

ge ‘4'T the HUNGARY WATER WARE
if 65 Ge A HOUSE, at ‘the Black Boy and Comb,

aComb-Makers, the Corner of Peil-Savage-
finn on’ Ludgate-Hil, is fold_right Krench
Hungary Water, in !arge half Pint flint Bot-
¥ M it ties, being che fame sort fold at the fiid

=? NS Place feveral Years paft, or rather-better, be-
Bane) ing 2 ireth Parcel, and diftinguifies it felt
from the pernicious counter:cit sort fold about theTown ; firft,
by jts fine Flavour 3 {éconly, by iis turning Water as white as
‘Milk, andiv you fet a Spoontul on Fire wich a lighted Paper,
it wil burn. dry, whereas the counterfcic Sort- has none of

{thefe Qualities, by reafon the Materials ia France are much
better than in thefe Nagthern Climates: Moreover, the true

Fach is alwys at the fame Place, and no where eLf@ ; and the
Couricterteit is frit put to one Shop to f2l', but as foon as it js
found out, itisremove:d, and fold at another, with 2 fieth Ad-
vertifement, of a Parcel juft arrived from Montpeuier,
Note, Beware of Countericits. .
HE incomparabie Powder for eleanfing the Tecth, which
has giyen fo gicat Satisfaction t. meft of the Nobifity end
Gentry in Eng'and, for above theft 2c Years, netwithfta iding
the many Counterfeits fince its fift Pub:icction, end-avonring
ta imitate this the only true original Powder Sod only at
Mr. Palnier’s Fanthop, in St. Nachael’s Church-Porch, Corn-
nil, at Mr. Markham's Toythop at the 7 Stars under Sr. Bun-
fian’s Church, Fleet-Street, and no where elftin England. ft
at once ufing makes the Teeth as Ivory, tho’ never i> black
or yellow, and effeéqually preferves then trom rotting or de-
caying, continuing chem found even to exceed:ng oid Age. It
vond-rtully cures the Scurvy in the Gums, prevents Rheum or
Dedusiion, kills Worms at the Root of the Tecth, and there-

by hinders the Tooth-ach. It adnirably faftens loof Teeth,
‘being-a neat cleanly Medicine, ofa p'eafant and grateful Scent.

Price 1s. the Box... Note, all the Nobility, Genzry, &c. who
fend. for the Powder for the Teeth, are dofired to give
ftriét Orders not to miftake the Shop. (MARKHAM
at lengtirisunder the Seven Stars) becanf moft of the Toy-
thops: in his Neighbourhood, fecing Multitudes coming to his
Shop for it, have trump'd up Counterfeits, and fell their Srnff
in Imitation of our known and approved Powder, in preindice
tothe Pubtick. NB. At the fame Places are ‘fol the highly
efteemed Lip-Salve for Ladics, &c. ‘of-a charming arid detight-
ful Scent. Price 1s. each Box. ;
HE pleafant QODOVIFEROUS TINCTURE for the
‘Breath, Teeth and Gums, a few Drops of which infant-
ly make the moft offenfive Rreath fmell incomparably fine and
charming, and in avery fhort Time perfectly cures, fo that a
difagrecable Breath witl never return ; it certainly. makes the
blackeft and moft foul Teeth extremely whire, clean and beau-
tiful at_once ufing, infallibly preferves them from decaying,
and thofe a little decayed from growing worft, abfolutely cures
the Scurvy in the Gums, tho’ never fo inveterate, canfing the
Flefh to grow-up tothe Tecth again, when almoft eaten quite
away, andinfallibly faftens loofe Teeth to Admiration. In a
Ward, for moft delicately. pertuming, and quickly curing an
ill-feented Breath, for immediately making the blackeft Teeth
moft excellently white, .certainly faftening them when loofe,,
effcétually preferving them from rotting or decaying, and af-
furedly curing the Scurvy in the Guins, it has not its Equal in
O

the World. Is now fold only at Mr. Radford's Teyshop, at
the Rofe and Crown againft St. C'ement’s Church-Yard in the
and, Near Arundel-Street End. Price 35. 6d. a Bottle,

with Directions.
N abfolute Cure for the KING's EVIL, in all its moft:
dreadful Circumftances, by an.admirable E
infallibly and quickly cures that Diftemper in Old or Yo
though never fo had, and of many Years anding : : It affuredly:

ftulas in any. Part of the Body, to heal {peedily ; and all Swel-
lings of the Glandules or Kernels, to. vanifh as if by Inchant-
ment. It effeGtually purifies the Blood and
their Sharpnefs, ftrikes at the very. firft Princi
the Evil, perfectly deftroys it Root and Branch, and entires;

compleats the Cure, fo as never to return again, without the

leaft Diforder, ‘Trouble or Confinement, and with tueh Syfety
fo foon, and in fuch a miracuPous Manner, that one would

Thoafand Experiments, it has not
It is ta.be had only-by the Author’s Appoint

ment of the, Gen-
tlewoman at the two Blue Pofts in Haydon- Yardini the Mina,

4 Os .

ries, at 5s.a Pot, feal’d Op with Dire ions. ; Qo

Pee

LONDON: Paiated by WN. AIST, in Great-Carter-Lane.

Ss:

lectuary, which}

cers, ‘or Fi-}.
Juices, canedst.
ples or Cant? aff.

ce, In'a

. . *
rs < ar fo. Se
- » om

PAVING received the follow . -

: t VING- received the following Letter fon mv wend
H in the Country, in F.veur of Bae of ee sable, Tien
fines in the World; £ defire you will publi it,tor the Be-
“wadit of Mankind, having my felt likewife, and many o: ng.
Acquaintance, long experienced its favcreian Vertuns, 1 re
Sepeaiy th mm. tt cfetual Cure for the Cholicie expelti i.
Wind in ary Part of ‘the Body, and all. Sorts of: fharp ang
“Lotroding “Fluriours, healing the Bowels, and leftoring the
‘Coats of the Stomach to their proper Tone, by reinoving alf
Ciide und indigetted Matter, creating Appetite, ani cating
new ficailth and Vigour, It 1 kewife mevents the Gout froin
‘cutring ingo the Head or. Stomach. Now firft made pubtic
ugcin the Hands of a néar Refation of the Dotér Who ne
prepared it, and called, “FHE ROYAS. CORDIAL TING»
PURE. Sold only by -Mr,.V. Grimfted at the ‘Black Swan
in 6.-Raul’s Cny:ch-Yayd 5. at, Mrs. Cooper's Foythop, ‘the
Corncr of Charles’Congt ‘in the’Strand ; ‘and by the Maker
at the Green Lamp in Swatlow-Screet, oyersigaint the Sax
lers Arms, Price 3:60. And at the Gteen Lamp in Swab
low-S:rect, isalfo fold, the tune Health Water for all torbie

tick Humours.
be | :

7 E E you now prefent at my Writing this
W be furpriz’d’ at the Change fo fhort a Tine ‘has wourd .
from that langtifhing Condition in whith you. lft thw me
Which 1 know not what ta attribute to (under God) but tag
Life of that noble Cordial you was pleafed to recommend te
me. I had not uftd it fix Times ud & found my felf poriost
ly at Eafe, ‘and am now quite free from thot rackinp- Pain
whica.made Life a-Burthen to me, and almoft reftor'd to me
former Strength and A/ppctite, which, to one fo’ fur gone, te
next toa Miracle. E have recommended it tu al} ny Friends
here, feveral of whom have taken ic with great Succefs, fay.
viotent Fits of the Cholick and Pains inthe Head and 'Ster
mach. I think it is great Pity ® fovercigh 2 Medecine
fhould be kepr from the Publick: I-defire you te make what
Ufe ycu pieafe of this, andacknewiedge my felf& Sf R, .
Cambridge, .April 7, 1725. ours, J, Dayis.

All | Sorts of ROPE ES, |
IN or broker Beilies, 'perfeétly cur'd by th *
) fing of Gad, either on old or young. in avery tie
Time, and fora finall.Charge, by twe Medicines to be exter
na‘ly ufed; without any Painto, or Confinement of the Pari,
cut. “Thefe two Remedies need no other Keco ninendation
than therntelves will manifeft in two or. three Days ufing ha-
ving, by their admirable.and even aftonithing succes, gain'd
the Reontation they juftly deferve both in City and Country.
for above thefe twenty Years laft pift, afrer wearing Trn
{es fer many- ‘Years, to no Purpofe:. Many Hundreds of af
Ages and Sexes have bech curd by them, which oceafioned
this Publication, for the Good of the Pubtick, that alt fica
unhappy People may: be detivered ffom the Charge and Slave:
ry of always wearing Trufics. They are fal'd up, at ¢ athe
Parcel, whichis generally fufhatent fora compleat Curve. af

ecially on a young Perfon, and is now (fince Mrs. V yadharry
elt off Shopkceping) fold only by Mr. Sanders, Haberdathar
of Small Wares, at thc Bluc-Ball Toyfhop in Fenchntrch-
Street, néar Aldgate. N.B. It isby the Uft of an eafy
Truis, &e. that thof2 two external Medicints are abvlied te
the Part affested, rill the Cure is perfected, as will be een by
tie Directions at large given with thein. :

* ‘Phe Great Venereal Antidote...
EING a moft Sovercign Medicine, and very rileafant t

take, which perfectly cures withour Confinemenr or Dit-
order, all the Degrees of the Venereal Difeafe; with fich Sneed,
Eaft, and Safety, that itisadmired by all. Freth Infeétions
are cur’d by it in a few Daya, and alfo the moft matiznant
Clap, or virulent Kunaning of the: Reins, with fanpage of
Urine, Heat or, Pain in making Water, Sorenefs of the Pri-
vitics, and every other Symmtam that atrend this grievous
Diftentper, as have been happily experienced hy Hundreds of
Perfons of both Sexes in private Practices, without any other
Medicine, which can fearcely be faid of any other Thing he-
fides itfelf; it alfo very fafely and fpcedily removesall Re-
icas of former Infection, or ill and mifinanaged Mereuriad
Courfes, and thus this noble Antidote, which hath nt its Fel-
low, fpeedily and fately cures every Degree of the Venereal
Difeafe, and all the il! Confequences of mifmanaged Mercuri-
al Courfts, by carrying off the Poyfon of the Diftafe, and

URSTEN

Mercury, tho’ rooted in the very Bones or Marrow, by very
gentle Evacuation. Sold only at Mr. Leckton’s Toythep at
the Griffin, the Corner of Rucklersbury in the Poultry, at  s,
the Pot, with Dire‘tions fo plain, that any, though never id’
rémote, may cure themfelves, Two of
nongh to cure ia moft Cafes.

~~ Jutt

them are- generally e-

Be

publifhed new Editicns ofthe following Rooks
| N Account of the PLACE where the
. A Nightingale, Swallow, Cuckéw, Field-
oe Woodcéck, and other Birds of P e
mat: Go and Refide, When Abfent ‘from us. (
Oi. ee Curious Treatife.) Alfo the GOUT, the
i WeeR? Weaknefs, and Secret Patient’s DIARIES.
SE Being cacha Practical Journal from Day te
ar cs c Day _whilft a Perfon Has the Secret Dikafe,
Ay a GLEET, or the » Upon them. _ -
- The Books ate all GIVEN GRATIS Up OnePairof Stairs
‘atthe Celebrated Anodyne NECKLACE, Recommended by
‘Dy. Ghamberien for Children’s Teeth withont Temple-Bar. At -
Mz. Jeremiah Pain's Toythop in’ Pope’s Head-Ally in Corn-
ill, right over-againftthe: Royal-Exchgnge. And by R. Rrag-
fhaw (the Author's. Servant) againt Sutten-Stxect by

—_

 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 17 May 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786061/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 