_ Stone, and.writ this'as a Satyr upon this Piece of

-» Abbey, that there is fcarce room left for thofe

“who may deferve Monuments ‘from: the Publick

. hereafter ; methinks I would. have this Stotie re-

_- moved and placed there, for, I conceive, it would
"make no contemptible Figure amongft fome of that '
, “Company now,
__ ‘Ttmon of Athens, commonly call’d the Man-Ha- ‘
iter, ‘wrote: his own Epitaph, whiclris: delivered -
. down to us by certain-Hiftorians ; there'is‘fume-—
_ thing init that

.& \

~~ 7

vary to pais a folicary half Hour a-
ASi| mongft the Monuments of deceas'd
Heroes, Philofopbers, and Poets. — A
wo Man may garher feveral Circum-
— ftances of the Hiftory of his own
‘Country, by reading the Epitaphs of the illuftri-
fous Dead, I mean iuch as have been famous for

2 "Ze
oY
Sy
FP,
Oe by
aris am

1 on a
PAS
‘ ee) ae a s
4 :
a

Arts, Sciences, or Arms ;-but it gives a Man the

‘Splecn upon thefe Occaftons to be interrupted

‘by fome Infeription whicl#lies in his Way, of-
fer’d to thé Memory of fome Perfon who was re-

markable for nothing but having had Money e-
nough to pay for a fine Monument. ,
_ Asa. Man takes his Rounds in Weftminfter-Ab-
bey, perhaps a fine Buft prefents itfelf to you,
raifed over a Tomb of curious Marble, and ex-
quifi:ely wrought by fome good Hand ; but when
you come to read the Epitaph, you are enter-
tained ptrhaps with the Hiftory of a Man who
lived three{core Years, who.was married, who had.
two Daughters, that thofe Daughters were alfo
‘ married, and then he dy‘d.
Now were it not for this pofthumous Vanity,
we fhould never know that fuch a rich Man had
pafs'd his Life in fo infignificant a Manner, and
was of fo little Confequence to the World ; there
has been fcarce a. Man of threefcore fince the
’ Flood of whom as much might riot be faid.
But this is one of the prepofterous Ways of
-aiming ‘at Fame, fome Men conquer, fome write,

'_.....and others order Monuments to be built,-all for |

Reputation 4 bur.the-latter are extreamly difap-
pointed, for their Monuments bring no Honour
_or Credit to any, except the Workman: who makes
them. —
I remember not long fince Tread an Epitaph
which was made upon a Stone, which Stone
. ftands in tho Wall'pf Stepmey Church and makes
part of the Building, dnd there it may be read,
‘however, we fhall prefent it to our Readers. ©

Of Carthage great Iwas a Stone,
\ O Mortals read wrth pitty;
_ Time confumes all, it {pareth none,
Man, Mountain, Town, nor City.
Zherefore O Mortals all béthink,
Tou, whereunto you muft,
Since now fuch ftately Buildings do
Lye bury'd in the Duft. i

The Poetry flags towards the latter End, yer
‘the Humour of it methinks was not amifs ; for I
‘fancy it was the Whitin of fome pleafant Fel-
dow, who, obferving the Fondnefs which ‘pof-
fefs'd filly People of having Epitaphs writ for
themfelves and Kindred, imagined that’ fome-
thing might as well be faid upon a Stock or a:

‘Vanity. ee | |
_' And as this Vanity has fo crowded Weftminfter-.

gives Us a Idea of the Humour

.

Pes Tis pleafant enough now and then

‘which torenderin Engl muft ran thus, Here re/ts

Critick who feems-to admire the Turn in this
-Line ; but, in my. poor Opinion, the whole
“Thought is trifling and mean, and that. playing
with the Word looks filly and unfeafonable. —~

Dignity of the Subje&. -

#

—- MIST’s WEEKLY JOURNAL, Somna

SATURDAY, ‘SEPTEMBER 25, 17 256 }

os *

| Hic fum poft Vitam miferamque inopemgue fepultus.

Nomen non queras--Dit, Lector, te male perdant.

Which may be englifh’d thus ; —— Here I lie bx-
ty'd after a Life paft in Want and Mifery ; inquire
| Reader, may the Gods con-

not my Name,
found ‘you, :
Here

fay any thing in his own Praifé, or fo much as to
tell his Name. - “tN

People are .offended that @ certain Epitaph to be
feen in the Cloyfters of Weftminfter-Abbey, fhould
havea Place there, becaufe the Perfon who is
the Subjc& of it held no higher a Rank than
that-ef a poor Servant ; but, for my Part, I can
fee no Reafon any Perfon can-have -for obje&ting
_againft receiving a Perfon amiongtt them who
had fill’d one of the Offices of Life with fingu-
lar Fidelity and Credit, efpecially in that State
of Nature which makes all Men-equal : As this
Epitaph is alfo an Original in its Kind, I fhall
"give g-Copy of ir. |
With Diligence and Truth moft exemplary
Did William Lawrance ferve a Prebendary,
- And for his Pains now paft, before net loft,
Gain'd this Remembrance at bis Mafter Coff,
_ O read thefe Lines again,——you'll feldom find
A Servant faithful, and a Mafier kind.
| Short Hand be wrote,—-—-bik: Flower in prime did
_ fade. a
And hafty Death Short Hand of bim bath made :
_ Well couth be Numbers,. and well meafured Land, ©
- So doth he ‘now that Ground on which you fland,

Wherein be lies fo geometrical;

fvt maketh fome, fo Nature maketh all,

_ > , Obiit Decem. 28, 1621. Etatis fox 29.
Punning had fo corrupted the Tafte of that Age,
and. was grown fo univerfal, that even che Pulpit
was not free from it, fo that.it.is no wonder it
fhould find a Place in an Epitaph. |

This leads me to confidér the Stile of Epi-
taphs, which, methinks, fhould always be grave
and fublime, I eonceive it to be an unpardon-
able AffeGation ina Writer who is to make the
Epitaph of a great or famous Man, to attempt be-
ing arch or witty upon fuch an Occafion ; nothing
cau. fhew a greater Want of fudgment. }

_ InaChurch in Alan there is the following E- |
pitaph to be feen upon the Tomb of ames Tri-

wufce, agreat General whofe Name is celebrated
in the Hiftory of the Italian Wars.

- Hic quiefcet, qui nunquam quievit,

one who never was at refi: There is a certain French

It might do well enough to be faid in Raillery of
fome Woman, who had been noted for a -Scold ;
but when we confider the Fame of the Perfon, and
Solemnity of the Occafion, it Is much below the
. "Phere 1s a certain Church-Yard within the Bills
of Mortalisy: where moft.of the Epitaphs feem

to: bé madein Mirth and good:Humour. I. am-told
there is a-cortain Poet-whofe whole Subfiftance js |
writing for this Church-Yard, that he has very

} good Bufinel:, and-chat turns te betrer:Account

dere he fhews himfelf out of Humour with -
Mankind, but his Vanity does not catry him to

But fince I {peak of Vanity, I know that fome

;DO more part with one Tittle of their. Preroga-

‘ments have run fo far as to threaten.the Deaths

_ happily efcaped with his, Life ; 3
_the three Allies, is allow’d Refidence, _ A Det

{ Sole Pal are . ’ 7
a io ad
f

*
—

to him than it would to be Poet Laureat, -
This Gentleman: confiders,. that his Patrons are
not of the Number of chofe whofe Works or AGi-

_ ons have raifed their Fame amongft Men ; there~
fore in what he writes of them, he generally con-
fults nothing but the Diverfions of the Readers ;
fome of his Works have -becn printed as well as
ingrav'd ; but there’s one Copy of his which I
admire above the reft, becaufe of the Grave and
Sublime which is attempted in it, and fince itme-°--

.ver has been ‘publifh’d upon any thing but a
Stone, I prefume the Reader will pardon me the
Quotation of ir. os |

- ho’ Boreas Bla fts, and Neptune’s Waves, bave toff 4

me tco and fro, . | °
In fpite of both, by God's Decree, I harbour here below,
Where Ido now at Anchor ride with many of ourFleet, -
Yet once again I muft fet Sail our Admiral Chrift to
mettle | a

' We fhall. fay more on this Subje& upon fome

other Occafion, and conclude with an odd kind of
an Epitaph lately order’d by Will to be plac’d up-
ona Tomb-Stone. The Teftator here under men-
tion’d cur off the Heir,-and left his whole Eftate
we hear, to his Friend ; bur the young Gentieman, ot

it feems, has commenc’d a Suit againft the Execy_ y
tor, in order to lay afide the Will, by proving ;
his Father a Lunatick, who, in our Judgment, ap-

pears to have been: far gone at the penning the

tollowing Claufe, :

A Recital of Part of the laft Wil and TeRament of Ni- --
cholas Daniel, of Sutton-Bangor, in the County
of Wilts, Gent. deceafed, bearing Date the 6th. of
May 1724. " ae

Defire to be interr’d in the Clofe of my Exe.
cutor, adjoining to the North-Side of his

Coppice, fituate in Langley-Burrell, under the Side.

_of the faid Coppice, where is i Foot-Path leadi

from my Houfe to his Houle ; and therefore re. ,

gueft my faid Executor that it be done according. 7

ly ; and that my Funeral be perform’d without |

the ‘Ceremony of Prieft, Bell, Book or Candle. ° 3

That no more than five Pounds be expended there- :

upon ; and I would have a Sroné ere&ed at the

fume Place, with this Infcription, which I made
whilft1 had the Gout, and labour'd under osher

Misfortunes, (viz.) | oo an

From Gout and Pox, and Plague and Women free
. From Law and Phyfick, and Divinity, ,
And Focls of every Degree: — a
From Care, Fear, Pain, and bard Nece ffity -
I'm freed,
In what a happy State am 1.

FOREIGN AFFAIRS.

_The Affairs of. Europe look with a very angry: -
Afpect at prefent, the feveral Princes thereof hut
and talk big at thofe who have not the good For- ~
tune to pleafe them; but whether Swords will be
-drawn on thefe. Occafions, is tous a Queftion.
>All’ the. Powers of Poland are inflexible, and will

a oy

-

tives: than with their Lives; nay, their Refent-

’ I

of all that ‘hall propofe a leffening of their Au-
thority. Mr. Finch, the Englith Minifter,.-hags- | 3

the Pruffia
voy is fo) bid hat Court, and only the Fren

CJAN.

.rauion fuitable to the Poture of: thefe Af

“0 4,
S tae:
 ~ :

‘at Herrenhaufen, and the Polifh Minifter forbid” '

thac Court till SatistaG@ion fhall be made for thefe
' Indignities. _ |

atever is the Matter at the Courr of the.

Emperor, our. private Letrers inform us, that
Monf. St. Saphorin, his Majefty’s Minifter.there,

is very much out of Humour with them ; for,

when a certain Englifh Duke, now there upon his

- Travels, defir’d to be introduc’d by him, he was

>
.

- bleau; the Pleafure the King takes in Hunting, |

pleafed to excufe himfelf to his Grace, by fay-
ing, this was a Time that the Subje&s of his Ma-
fter was but indifferently receiv’d at that Court ;
and that he fhould leave the Place in a few Days.
it was further added, that tho’ People imagin’d
that nothing but Peace was thought of, at prefent,
yet there has not been Intriegues of greater Con-
fequence on Foot thefe 100 Years
The Court of France remain

pat .
ill at Fontain-

"tis thought, will keep him there as long as the

fine Weather holds. The Queen, (who is faid, -

bY thofe that have feen her, to be rather agree-
able than beautiful, and that che Ornaments of

her Mind far exceed thofe of her Body, beirg

» Penfions having

_are augmenting ‘each Compan
ten Men more, and Horfe equa ly, which will be-

.fomewhat fhort of Stature) it was faid had
‘felt fome Symptoms of Breeding, but now, it

. Seems, thofe abour her report, that thofe Symp-.

‘toms were falfe. The Rumour of a War
with Spain begins to die, however, the French
of Infantry with

in all 30000 Men.—+-Bread continues very dear 5
and People complain very much, no Salaries or
een paid for a long while. —Lord

and Lady Landfdown met at Calais laft Saturday.
We do not find any Ground for the crediting
the Piece of News lately publifhed in the Am fler-

dam Gazette, viz. That the late Duke of Ormond had

” made ‘bis Peace, and was going to throw himfelf at bis

"+. Majefty’s Feet at Hanover. Itis certain that Paper
abounds with Stories that have Exiftence no

where but in the Brain of that Author. ,

Dublin, Sept. 16. His Excellency has appoin-

ted the Honourable Thomas Southwell, Eiq; to
be Governor of the County of Limerick.-——
The Commiffiorters of the Cuftoms have. offered
201. Reward fer difcovering the Perfon who

- fhot at Mr. Brifcoe, one of the Officers, in the

.

- ~-3entlemen have

Execution of his Office. 101. Reward for dif-
covering the Perfons who-ftabb’d in 13 Places,
"and kill’d, the Horfe belonging to another Officer,
‘the 1ft Inftant; and 51. for difcovering every
Perfon concerned in fuch like Pra€ices fome

- time beforea—————-The Lord Tullimore is fuc-

ceeded as Mufter-Mafter-General, as well as in

Honour and Eftate, by his Son about.15 Yéars of ©

Age.—Collonel Boyle dy’d laft Saturday.

Edinburgh, Sept. 18, ‘Three Men are brought -

Prifoners from Dyfert and committed to the Tal-
booth, fuppofed to be concerned in wounding
and beating the Officer of the Salt Duty there
in the Execution of his Office. —— Six Cart
‘Load of Arms are carried into the Caftle, being
thofe' which were brought into General Wade
by the Mackenzies, and fent hither by fhipping.

~—~—'The Number of the Witneffes for the Trial:
of the Rioters, (which is put off till Tuefday) is a.

- hundred ; and the Affizors «xr Jurymen 45, whofe

' Names are given to every Prifoner. .. Here 8 }:

eat canvafling for Votes at the approaching E-
cétion for Magiftrates, and there will be a hard
Struggle for Lord Provoft. _—— a
York, Sept. 18. To -Morrow our Archbifhop
defigns a publick Ordination at the Cathedral

- Whurch in this City, and a great many young}
= paft Examination be-

fore his Grace to qualify them for the’ Sacred

-¥un@ion, none of which were put back: His

the. sccident. that happened at Hellington, ‘between

‘Gracé was pleafed to remark upien done of them, |
two of the Duke of Bolton's Regiment, being mifrepre-

that the length and ftiffnefs of his Band, and al-

fo the leigth-of his Gown.did not pleafe, and | fented in. fome of the Daily and Weekly Papers, who -
defired they “might ..be. alter‘d. A few Days ago | F. ok-the Account upon common Report ; ave are credibly
“the Duke of Grafton, whi! has: been fome time | informed and a ffur'd by Gentlemen, who bavé fince

at Caftie-Howard, ‘the fine Seat of the Earl of |‘ made it their Bujine/s to enquire into the.Truth of the
Carlifle, came with his Lordthip to. Bifhopthorp Affrir, and find, that the Quavrel proceeded from the
to diné with the Archibjfhop, who received them Deceafed's often repeated national.and perfonal ‘Re fle-

tthe Cathedral.

very fplendidly, and they-returned home in the
Evening, ~—~—— Great Numbers of Soldiers are
marching from all- Parts of_the Country round
us,-into this City, in order to be review'd b
of the General Officers, but who, is not yer
known. | : , | oo
Bath, Sept. 20. The Lords Effex. and Litch-
field, the Hon. Mr. Manfel, and Lady Betty
‘Manfel, Mr. Poultney, Collonel Molefworth
from Ireland, and the Lord and Lady Ducie are
arrived here. fince my laft. .The Duke and
Dutchefs of Bedford, and the Dutchefs of Bol-
ton arc expected next Week. So that the Place
begins tobe very full. , |
Norwich, Sept. 22.. Latt Sunday the Rr. Rev. our
Bifhop ordained feven Priefts and. two Deacons at
‘Laft Week the Rev.. Mr.
Badcock, Minifter of Burwel, dy’d fuddenly in
the Shop of one of‘his Parifhoners. The Livin
is in the Gift of the Lord North and Grey, an
the Univerfity of Cambridge. -. ‘

Maidfione, Sept. 20. Ou Thurfday Night three |.

Foot Pads robb’d a Man on Boxley-Hill, ef 21.
gs. 6s) who was Brother-in-Law to Matthias
Carer, lately kill’d in rhe Rior in our Goal. —~
On Sunday Night a Gentleman's Servant was fhot
at by the fame Triumvirate of Rogues; ‘tis
thought, that have committed all the late Rob-
beries in thefe Parts. It is believ’d they have
Horfes always at Hand to carry them off, elfe
they had probably been diftover’d before now.
LOND OLN, | September 25. -~

Laft Week the beautiful Mrs. Turner, Wife to
William Turner, Efq; was brought to Hel of a
Son, at her Houfe in Hollis-Street,’ near Oxford
Square. aoa oo , :
Cornelius Cayley, 'Efg; is madé. Recorder of
Kipgfton upon Hull, upon the Refignation of Wil-
liam Gylby, Efq; a - a
"Deaths and Cafualties. Sam. Travers, E(q, Au-
Aitor to the Prince’s Houfhold. - Edward
Northey of the Middle Temple, Efq; Tho-
mas Hutton, Efq; his Majefty’s Honfekeeper of
Somerfet-Houfe. —— The merry Mr. -Pinketh-
manthe Player.——Dr. Bedford, Reftor of St.
George Buttolph-Lane.— Mr.-Armfield, Agent
to the Half-Pay Officers. —— The Lady of Vif
count Down, Knight of the Shire for Yorkhhire.
— One Farmer Whitmore, an old. Man, riding
by the River Side, in the Parifh of Cherrfey,
fell off his Horfe and was drown’d.—Mr. Prifley,
another old Man, burnt at the Fire in Bell-Sa-
vage-Yard. ° — so |

On “Thurfday

lat 126. Convi&s ordered for
Tranfportation at the Old Buily, and 7 brought:
to Newgate out of the Country, were carried
from the faid-Goal on Board, in order to be fhip-.
ped off for the Plantations in America: They:
are to be joyned in the River by feveral Detach-

‘ments from Country. Goals.

ions, notwithftanding the other's Entreaties to dejift.

It plainly appears by a Wound the Survivor has in his

Back under the Shoulder Bone, that the. Deceafed af-

y fome | faulted him while he was preparing, and before his .

Sivord was drawn, and that it could not pofibly be
given fairly, bas been declared-by an eminent Surgeon
of this City, who drefs'd it. What ws reported of
the Deceafed's Sword being broke in the Combat, is en-
tirely falfe and groundlefs , for the fame Sword has
been fice, and: may fill, be feen at Uxbridge, whole
as ay other Sword. The Deceafed having ftood to
yeceive nine Wounds (four of which were mortal )-plain-
ly foewed his Refolution to k'll, oy be Rill’d,

Whereas divers Perfons ave traveling about in many
Parts of the Kingdom, ‘under the Pretence of collett~
ing Charity Money for the Sufferers by Five at the
Town of Buckingham, and other Places, by printed
Letters, pretended to be fianed by $uftices of the Peace,

and others, and particularly by the Bailiff, Burgeffes, |

and Inhabitants of the faid Town of Buckingham ;
which printed Letters have been delfvered to the Mini-

evs and Church-Wardens of many Parifves in feveral .
of the Counties of England ; Thefe ave therefore to give .

Notice to, all” Gu ftices of the Peace, and all “Mini fers
Church-Wardens, and «thers, to whom fiuch*Perfous

_foall come with fuch printed Letters, that they do not

receive the fame, cr collet? any Mon y thereon, for that

: fach Colle&ions, under the Pretence of Letters of Rea.

gueft or Licence (and not under the Great Seal )-are

coutrary to Law 3; and that the Perfons travelling qwith

fuch Letrers are Vagabonds, and punifbable as fuch by
Virtue of the feveral Statutes made for the Punifbment

“of Vagabonds and fiurdy Beggars :.and that the per-

fons fo offending «vill be profecuted upon Statutes in

- that Cafe made and provided.

Whereas there have been foreral malicious Afperfions,

and feandalous Papers printed to Icff'n my Chavatter, -
particularly that I courted Hefter Gregory, jun, and that <

I framed fome Scheme to attack ber Vertue ; and th 8
my Addreffes to ber were, at the Bottom, defign'd to be
upon d foonourable Terms: I do the-efore, to vindicate

my Reputation, folemnly declare, in the Prefence of -

God, that x never did make my Addreffes to Hefler Gre-
gory, jun. or frame any Scheme to attack ber Vertue, I
knwing ber Charatter and Girciemftances too qell to be
90 the leaft induced thereto ; and the Intention of my-
caking at her Loiging, in London, was with no other
View than to get a Sum of Money which I lent ber
Mother at Gloucefter, without Inteveft, to fave ber Hsts—

and from going to Goal, which Money fhe ftilt owes me;

the Return of which Favour was a very ungrateful one,
by vecomms:nding to me, for a Wife, a Woman whont

foe and ber Mo:ber preiended to be a Berbadoes Lady of ©

1000). per, Aum tho’ at that Time a Servant to her
Daughter Egleton, with whom the Gregories live. And one
of my Witneffes, who was an Apprentice;to Egleton at the
Tryal againft the Gregovies, for the Confpiracy and

Cheat, fwore, that be often heard the Gregories declare, |

that if they weve found out in their Defign, it frould pafs,

so om Cervera ” an’ ~ sb *
-- 8 et -
.f

are

‘Grace the Duke of Newcaftle, and the Rt.. Hon. .”

.Stateis appointed for that Part of Great Britain.’ :
a Hunting onthe 23d Inftant,. O'S. and.to fay

-longer at Hanover, and then. return to Eng! and. {| trivame, fuch wicked Senfe,

“We hear that lat Week their Exccllencies the | as 4 ¥ef. Woat could.be the Gregovies End to veturm.

Lords Juftices fign’d a Warrant conftitucing his

the Lord Vifcount 'Townfhend, joint Keepers of | Bayly.were mentioned to make me appear black, but not
the Signet in’ Scotland, till-a new Secretary of | proved, gnd knowing my felf innocent, Falfities in th.fe
| Cafes make the Perfons as reprefent them moft adfous.
We lear that the King was to go‘totlie Gohre |) As the Scheme was laid, it ntight have been 4 wifer

| , Man's Misfortune to be intpofed upon, as well as mine

thereabout a Month, and afterwards three Weeks | -#ho’ fome are of Opinion they, were witty in their Con‘

Evil for Good, unlefs, as the Proverb faith, Neceffity 18 - |
the Mother of Invention? — several Things at the Old

even upon the Promife of.

~My.

" OR LON ry 2S

 ~

can proper Time, reward the evil Doers.

‘AA

ever fo overt a Reward, often proves fatat.Gain ; and,

I gueftion not, but Cod, who is juft in all bis'Ways, and

infpects even inté the Secrets of Hearts, will,: at bis

Jelf obliged to anfwer the Afperfion abcvefaid, that the
World may judzebow far I deferved to be thus impofed
upon, and to ffop the Mouths of thofe wicked Calumnia-

_  torsgavko, as st ronring Lyon, feek whom he may d.vour,

-
1

=@

7 tye 2091. a Year Eftate,.as Secuzity for every rool. a Year [
rected to Mr. Snencely at Bur- .

~ ton's Coffee-Houfe, Berry-Street, St. Jaines's, Poft paid. -

as well as yous bionble Servant,

a Tradefnian wien he comes to fail.

Sam. Cockerell,

.. Sourh-Sea Stock is 122, 1 half. Bank 133,1 4th.
India 168,.¢ half.” African 15, 7 8rh.

| Lest in Spittle-Ficids, Juae the r4th, 1725, a Silver large
Watch. a tquare Joint, no Number, with th:s Name on
it, Thomas De La Houiliere: Whoever brings it to Mr. The-
mas De La Houlliere, Watch-Maker, next Door to the
White Bear, neax the Pay-Office in Broad-. treet, fhall have
30s. Reward, and no Queltions ask'd.

Tt Powe which ha§ met with fhcha general Appro-

| bation trom Multitnudes .of People, anfwering in all -
Refpects tilly the Ufe of Coff-e, having had a very large

Demand, the Quantity then imported not being ‘fifficienr
to aniwer the gréat Call, fo that many Cuftomers could not
be fipplyed, Care. is taken, that none for “the future’ be
ditppointed a large Parcel being juft arr-ved exceeding
fine, and right’ flavoured ; to be had at the firft Houfe on
the fete: Hand in Bell Savage-Yard on Ludgate-Hil', made
Up in quarter, half, or whole Pounds, at zs. 6d. per Pound.
Its Quality is extraordinary, and necds no Mixture, being
drank entire, and approved by the moft judicious: {[t adds
tothe heft, and makes that whch has loit its Flavour per-

fectly frefh. ; oe
, . This Day is publifhed,
*," The COMPLETE ENGLISH TRADESMAN,
in familiar Letters, directing him in‘all the feveral Parts
and Progreilions of TRADE, viz. 1. His acquainting him-
elf with Bufinefs during his Apprenticefthip. 2. His wri-
ting to his Correfpondents, and obtaining a general Know-
Jedge of Trade, as well what he is not, as what he is em-
ploy’d in. 3. Of Diligence and Application, as the Life of
all ByfinefS. 4. Cautions againft Over-Trading. 5..Of the
ordinary Cecafions of a Tradefinan’s Ruin, {uch as.expen-
five Living—Too early marrying—Innocent Diverfions—
Giving and taking too much Credit—Leaving Bnufinefs to
Servants—Peing above Rufinefs—Entering into. dangerous
Partnerithips, &c. 6. Direétions in the feveral Diftrefles of
7. Of Tradefinen com-
pounding with their Debtors, and why they are fo pagticu-
arly fevere. 8 Or Tradefmen ruining one another by Ru-
“mour and Scandal. 9. Cf Credit, and how: it is only fup-
ported by Honelty. 10, Directions for Book-» eeping, pun-
ctual. paying Bills, and thereby maintaining Credit, Cal-
culated for the Inftruction of Inland ‘Tradefinen, and ef-
pecially of YOUNG BEGINNERS. Printed for Char'es
ivington. at the Bible and Crown in St. Paul's Chuich-
Yard. Price 5s, . ;
.. Jatt pudlifhed, —

*,.” Lilium Sariienfe, or a Defcription of the Guernfy-
Lilly. ‘To which is added, the Botanical Diffection of the
Joftee-Berry; read and demonftrated on feveral Preparati-
ons at 2 Meeting of the Royal Society, March 18, 1724-5.
with Figures. By Dr. James Douglafs, Honorar Fellow of

' the Royal College of Phyficians, London, and Fellow of the
Royal Socie a

A comparative Defcription of all the Mufties ina Man

and in a gquadruped, fhewing their Difcoverer, Ufe and Dif-

ference. To which isadded, An Account of the Mufcles pe-

culiarto2 Woman. With anetymological Table, and feve-

ral ufeful Indexes. By the fame Author. a
A Catalogue of fimple Meticines that are fit to be ufed in

‘the Prattice of Phyfick and Surgery, containing the Names

of the Difpenfatory, or Shop Preparations, &c. ‘Lo which are
added, Two very ufeful Tables. ‘a:
. The Method of performing the

high Operation, in which
the Stone is extratted ont of the Bladder a

ve the Os Pubis,

Faithfully collected from the Writings. of that famous Tri.
_ umvirate, Mr. Francis Roffey, whofi
- Douglafs, who late]

invented it, Mr. John.
J revivei, and firft fhecefsfilly practifed
it on living Bodies, Mr.Chefleden, who has fince frequently
perform'dit with a wonderful Desterity, and moft furprifin
Succefs. | All printed for G, Strahan at the Golden Ball
yal-F.xchange in Cornhiil.

ee gver-againf the Ro
Y, PHA Paviour, Robe-Maker, at the Sign of the Livery-

Gown and Star in Pater-Nofter-Row near Cheapfide-:

- Conduit, Who hath ferved as an Apprentioe and Foreman

above zo Years to Mr. Anthony Ingrani, deceafed, makes
Minifters Gowns and Caffoeks, all Sorts of Lawyers Gowns;
Livery Gowns, Gowns for Mayors: and Aldermen of any
Corporation in Great Britain, after the beft Manner, at tea-
Conable Rates. | oO wo
PERSONS have feveral Sums from 2000 1.. to 300001, to

lay out in the Purchafe of Land; and bave Money to
lend upon Land, Houfcs, or good Depofits. . Perfons want
to purehafe Places for Life, fromi roo 1. to 800]. a Year;
and fmall Annuities from 204. to 601, a Year. To be fold
feveral handfome Seats from 30 to.60 Miles from.

ites frar London.
~——-Small Eftates from 4o |. ‘to 801.+.a ¥ear m Lincolnfhire,.
,. Bucks and Norfolk. —-A'fo -an Annuity for the Life of the”

Selicr of rso J. a. Year well fecured. A Gentlerhan of a
fair Character, and of a large..Kftate, is willing. to grant:

‘an Annuity for Life, from 200 1]; to zoo I. a Year, an

*

Annuity.——»Propofiuls to be. di

~_-

J thought my

_ Erte, and J.

Preparing forthe Prefs, and will be printed.with alf conve:
, : nien e€ .
** A NEW SY. STEM of AGRICULTURE, being

a compleat Body of HUSBANDRY and GARDENING,
_ An, all the Parts thereof, viz.. Husbandry, the Frait Garden

the Kitchen Garden, and the Flower Garden: Containing all

the beft and tateft as well as many new Improvements, ac-
ceptable and ufeful to the Husbandman Grazier, Planter,

Garilener and Florift : Whérein are intef

ous Obfervations on Vegetation, and particularly on the

Sifphinm, o/ the Antients.

ractical. By JOHN LAWRENCE, M.A. Rector of

ifhop Weremouth. ; .
If any Geritleman will be pleafed to contribute to fo ule-
ful arr Undertaking, by communicating any Thing on the
above-mentioned Subjects, and will fend it to THO.WOOD-

WARD atthe Half Moon over-againft St. Dunftan’s Church

in Filect-Street, the Fav ur fhall be thankfully acknow-

ledged. “Of whom may be had, lately publith’d,

I. Mr. Switzer’s_ p:a‘tical Fruit Gardener, recommnend:d
by Airs LAWRENCE and Mr. BU ADLEY.
Il. My. Bradley's imionthly Treatifes of Husbandry and

Gardening, in 3 Vols. 8vo. 7

III. Mr. Fairchild’s City Garlencr. Pree 1s.
yo “This Day is pnblifh’d, — -

*,* Directions, Counfels, and Cautions, tending. to_pru-
ceit Management of Aff-irs in common Lite. Collected

y Thomas uller, M.D. Be ye wife as Serpent :, and harm-

lefs.as Doves. Printed for.J. Wyat, and W. and J. Inays in
Sct. Paul’s Church-Yard. 7 -

A T Mary Saunvirs in Dorfet-Street, Spittle-Ficlds, (next
“fX. Door tu Richard Carter's) are fold very good Candles,
‘cheaper than at «he faid Richard Carter’s. a

WHEREAS Sarah Jennings, the Wife of Jofevh Jen-

nings, cloped from her faid Husband on Sundiy the
roth of this fnftant. This ‘s to forewarn all Perfons not to
truft her; for he, the faid Jofeph Jennings, will not pay any
Debts fhe fhallcontraét =fter the ‘Publication hereof.
Lately publifhed,
(In three neat Pocket Volumes,. adorned with five and forty

x x . _ Copner_ Plates, ) | .

*,* A Colleétion o: OLD BALLADS, correé&ed from
the beft and moft anctent Copies extant; with Lntroiuti-
oas Hiftorical and Critical: Sold by J. Roberts in’ War-
w.ck-Lane, D. Leach at the Lock’s-Head adjoyning to Lud-
: Batley at the Dove in Pater-Nofter-ow.
rice bound gs. ; : -
This Day is publifhed, in two neat pocket Volumes, ‘adorn’d

ee Oe, ith eight Copper Plates, ;

x Chinefe Tales; or the wonderful Adventures of the
Madarine FUM-HOAM, in’go Entertainments. Trarifla-

ted from the French of Monfieur Gueullette. To which is -

added, An Introduction to the rine of Tranfinigration
of Souls .Printed-for J. Brotherton and W. Meadows in

Cornhill, and fold by A: Bettéefworth in Pater-Nofter-ow, |

D. Brown without Teinple Bar
Hall, and S. Chapman in Pull-Mall.
_ To be So'd, |
AY! of moft delicate new Sturgeon by fingle Caggs, at
rs §. the Cagg, containing about 30 ib. of Frith, at the
Carolira Coffee-houfe in Birchin-Lane, near Cornhill, Young.
Will's Coffee-houfe in Buckingham-Court, Charing-Trols,
Mr. Norton's Coffe near

. Stagg in. Weltminfter-

e-houfe in Great James’s-Sereef,

Red Lyon-Street, and Mr. Martin’s Coffe-houfe in Lee-*

Street, near Red-Lyon-Square, where Attendance is given

cally. This Day is publ
is Day is publithed

*,* An Effay on the Tranfmutation of Blood, containing
the Atioiogy, or-an Account of the immediate Canfe of pu-
trid Fevers or Agues; as alfo Obfervations upon the noble
Specifick Cortex Peruvianus. Printed for A. Bettefwortii in
Pater-Nofter-Row. Price rs. | :

Where a'fo may be had, jutt publithed,

I. An Examination of the Notion of moral Good and Evil,
advane ‘d ina large Book, entituled ,The RELIGION of NA-
TORE delineated. -By John Clark, Mafter of the, pub ick
Cet School Bel. price IS. F

. Vida’s Art of Poetry tranflated into Eng'ith. By Chri-
opher Pitt, M. A. late Fellow of New- College, Oxford.
W_ Rayner, Surgeon, living at the Blue Pofts in Pre‘tan’s-

Yard, the lower end of the Minories, the Name Rayner and

golden Ball hanging over the Gate, near LittleTower Hill.
Hn a {peedy and fate Cure for the Pox or Clap, with all

AA its varions Symptoms, hy his famous chym'cal Drink,
being pleafant inTatte, yet effectual in curing that dangsrous
Difeafe, which has been the Ruin of Hundreds by falling into
unskilful Hands. I cure (under God) the moft inveterate Pox,
in 2 Weeks.at fartheft, ag Ulcers in the Throat, loft Palate,
finking in the Nofe, Phymofis, Paraphymofis, Shankers, nocky
Warts, Buboes, or fwellin inany Part. If your Body be fui]
of Uleers and Scabs, in afew Days I remove all thof hetero-
genous Particles, taking away all Pains in the Head, Shoulders

and thin Bones, fo that this filubrious Liquor reftores theBody

to perfet Health. They that have made Tryal of it wonder
at ay entry 4 performs. Ghote who have newly got a Clan,
depend ona Cure, by taking two-or th

of my venereal Pills or Bolufie * iE Flindranice of Ba
finefs, or it being known to the neareft Relation or Red+
sellow, halt not nfe many Envitations, bat rather leave
Yo xperience, which is beyondall A t.

_a Word, let your Condition-be never fo bad difeytnoe: tn

Surgery. My Pills and Boluffes are wlefil
my Deorinan Evening. ° rns ws

ne Sn /. UU

“ . 2

Tpers’d many curi--
The: whole philoophical and .

»in moft People

és, without Hindrance of Bu-

1. rd, e d, diftruft not, for
I promife very fair, ‘no Curé‘no Money.’. T do any hing ta
Beery d Bol _ for Sea or Land,
which I have always ready by me. Note, There’sa-Light at
; go ® Place, Price 23. 6d;

4 eee. Tu publithed, . :
in PROPOSALS fot printing. by Subtéri tion, Reve«
rendi admodum in Chrifto Patris, sAMUELIS PARKERT,
Epifcopi non ita pridem Oxonienfis, de Rebus fui Temporis
Commentariorum Libri Quatuor, e Codice M.S. ipfius
- A.uthoris manu caftigato, nune primam in lucem editi, | - |
This Book contains a great deal of curious Hiftory ard -

. Obfervation, relating not oaly to the Affairs of. Great Bri-.

‘fain and Ireland, both Ecclejiaftical and Civil, but of all
Europe, {> far as domeftics Tranfactions and Events had
an Inducnce oa the Interefts of foreign Courts an{ Coun"
tries: And it will clear up m any Things, in which other mo-
dern Hiltorians arz cither miitaken or defective. It gives
the Reader a View of the fzcret Motives on whica Meafures
w r> taken by Men of all Denominations; it has many pare
peular Characters of Men o7 Noce, and def rves to be read
ned Prelate’s Hiftory of hisown Times, .

° Suoferiptions are teken_in by C. Rivington at the Bible
and Crown in St. Pani’s Church-Yard, &. Clements, Books
feller in Oxford, C. Crownfield, Bookfeller in Cambridge,
FP. Hildgard, Bookfeiler in York, J. Waghorn, Beokfeller in

Dor tam, and J, Leak:, Bookfeller in Batn.

Lectuarium Mirabile: Or, the Admirable Ele stuary
Whica infallibiy cures all Degrees and Symptoms of tie
Secret Difeafe, with more Eafe, Speed: and Safety, than any
Medicine yet publifh'd ; any olc unning, &c. though of fe-
veral Years ftanding, whether occafion’d by an over-ftrain,
Weaknefs of the Seminals, or the Reli¢ts of a former Intecti-
on, ly certainly cur’d in a fhort Time, without a Minute’s
Kegineitient, Sufpicion, or the Ufe of Aftringents ; being a
Medicine fo wonderttlly p’eafant and eafy in its Operation
that the niccft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may take it
with Delight: ‘Iwo,Pots are generally fifficieot to compleat.
4 Gtre in moft Cafes. Te be had only of the Author Dr. mM,
a Graduate Phyfician, who has publifhed it 20 Years, and is
conftantly to be advis‘d with at his Hon’e/at the Golden Ball
and Lam p, in Bow Church- Yard in Cheaptide, at half a Guinag
.€ Pot. | -

~~. Elizabeth Myers, Wife of William’
eS Myers, Weaver, living in one -of the
| | tern Houfes in Covetley’s Fields in Mile

End New.‘Town, having the Misfortane
to have a Piece of Mortar fall into my left Eye,’ which oc-
caftoned pieat Pain and jinguih (notwithftanding we ufed
us We Were adviled w r for the fa
fhid. lett ye ex wer ed was proper for tlie fame) the
wholly loft, and without an
fame ; but being by a Friend direéted to Mrs. Caterin Ca-
Rl>-Court Rirchin-Lane, Cornhi'l, fhe, at firft Sight, promi-
fed under God, to bring me to my Sight again,- and did ner-
form the fame ia as

where toapply for Cure;-as well as a grateful Ac edg-
‘ment for fo great a Cure,. E. MYE”S.,
Note, She eures without any Inftrument ; arid the inra'libly
cures the Ague, without the: leaft Grain of Cortex, or that
they call the Jefuits Bark, Price five Shillings the Vial. No
Letters received except Pott paid. a

JLAPIUM AUSTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Ju-
lep, which is knewa by many Yeais,Experience to be a ne-
ver failing Mcdicine in old obftinate Afthma's, whofe fuffo-

cating Fit it puts off ina Moment; it gives 2 nerfect Relief

in ftraining laborious Coughs,
fome Night and Morning; “tis.a moft excellent Remedy for

Shortnets of Breath upon any Motion, and in Breathing with

Difficulty, StraightneS of the Breaft, with Hoarfeneis and

_ Wheezing. Nothing exceeds this admirable Julep, tor by open-
ing the Brouchial Ducts and Pneumonick’ Paftages, it: perie-

trates in the inmoft Receffes of the Lungs, and there meetin g

with tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Ph egm, fo attenuates,

divides, moves and worksit, that by coughing and {pitting it
expsctorates and throws up allfuch matter vith the greateft

Eafe and Pleafure, thereby cleanfing and freeing the Breaft

and :_ungs, when ftufted up and clogged with a heavy Load, and.

{o prevents Confiumptions, Ulcers of the’ Lungs, &c. ote

It is a fafe and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken by fpoontuls,
according to the printed Directions, without the leaft Confine-
ment, or danger of catching Cold. To
trahan’s at the Golden Ball over againft the Royal Exch
Cornhill, and at no other Place. Price 28. 6 a. ANBE

TINCTORA NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordia}
Tincture for the Nerves, being an approved, experienced
and never-failing Medicament in. finking, languifhing; and
lownefs of Spirits, Palpitaticn, or Trembfing of the Heart, in

al paralitick, foporofe and convulfive Diftempers, and in all
Afiittions of the Head and Nerves ; it infallibly prevents the

bad Effects of Coffee and.‘Tea on the Nerves, which occafions

; People the above-mentioned Diforders (with many
more, which you'll fee at large in the printed Book of Direéhi-
ons) but yet by taking a few Cropsof this moft pleafint deli-
cate Cordial, in the-firft Dith of Coffee or Tea, you may ther
drink at Liberty ; for this great Medicine penetrates through.
the whole nervous Syftem, and fo recruits the Brain and Praee
cordia with a full Influx of exulting Spirits, which perform the

Bufinefs of vital Function with freth Alacrity, and new Brisk-
nefs 5 fo that the Palle, whioh lay fechle an

falls a beating - vi oroully, and with ,
over, it wonderfu perfes Fear, Sadnefs, confinfed
Twitchings of the Legs and Anns, difturbed Slee ane | the
difinal ‘Train of Vapours and Melancholy. Ic ikewife fore
Vomiting, puts off Naufeoufhe&, procuresa good Appetite
andis now in great Efteem amengft Quality of the firft Rank.
Sold only at G. Strahan’s, Bookfeller,- at the Golden Ball in

s Cornhill, over-againft the Royal-Exchange, and at No other

wavering, now

~

—

7 ‘

fee by 7
oad ae tf
‘”
.

Ingendous Perfons that have read -anozher late lear-

quite Blind, the Sight thereof being .
Hopes of ever recovering the -

that are uumerci‘ully trouble. |

be had at My. George :

reat Exaétne& 5 more- .

thort a Time’ as could be .expedtedis: . _..
and this [ doe that Perfns in my late Condition ingy kt \
i
YE" S

ST mal

re
 /

“. Wm. Rowley, of St Neot’s,

«
ae

a

ee This Day is publithed,
- *, Philofophical Tranfactions, No. 387, for the Months

. of March and April 1725, contined and publihed by Dr. - |’
.Jurin, Secretary to tHe Royal Society. Printed for W. and

§. Innys at the Weft End of St. Paul's.
' Where may be had, ,
I. Acompleat Sett in 32 Volumes, or moft_of the Num-
bers fepardte. | a an
11. The Works of the Hon. Robert Boyle, Efq; abridg‘d,
methodiz’d, and difpos’d under general Heads, in 3 Vols. 4to.

‘with Cuts. By P.Shaw,M.D. | -
Tit. Dr.Wyntcr's Effiy on chronical Difeafes. a
IV. Mr. Whifton’s Aftronomical Principles of Religt-

“On, Bvo. : , oo
This Day is publithed, the 3d Edition of,

”

*_*® The Anatomy of ‘the Human Body, with thirty four”

‘Copper Plates. By William Chefelden, Surgeon: to St.Tho-
mas's\Hofpital, and F.R.S. The Additions being toonur
merous to be. printed feparate, Books of ‘this Editi n will
be changed for either of the former Editions, at 25. in Sheets.
tho’ never fo much defaced or imperfect. There are alfo

fome printed on the fineft Royat Paper which will be chan- .

fz at 5s.in Skects, Printed for Bowyer, and fold by

ames and John Knapton . and B. Sprint, J. Osborn and
: 4 s. diliin fley, rr Woodnan and D.

.Ramfey at Edinburgh.
IlI. (to be continued

. Longman, J. Noon,
Lyon, Bookfelicrsin London, and

This Day is publithed, Numb.
| ae Monthly) of.

*.* Mr. De Rapin Thoyras’s Hiltory of England, the
moait impartial extant. Doneanto Engtifh from the Ori-
ginal French, with fome additional Notes. By N..TIN-

AL, M.A. Vicar of Great Waltham in Effex.’ Contain-
ing the Hiftory of the Saxon Heptarchy ; with a large Ac-
count of the Converfion of the Kingdoms of Kent and Nor-
chumberland ; the erecting the Bifhopricks, and Succeifion
of the Bifhops in the Sees of Canterbury and York, down
to the Reign of Egbert, firft fole Monarch of England.
 Printedor James and, John Knapton at the Crown in St.
-Paul’s Church- Yard. Price rs. ,
Where may be had,
_ No, I. Containing the Pretace, Introduction, and from the
Invafion of Julius Ceefar to the Calling in of the Saxons;
with;an Account of the Britifh Church. ‘The Second Edi-
tion. _ And, a
”" No. If, From the Calling in of the Saxons, to the Found-
jing ofthe Heptarchy: The State of the Britith Chureh : OF
the bleptarchy in. general, and Part of the Hiftory of the
Kingdom of Northumberland in particular. Price xs. each

Numbcr.. ; . |
it publifhed (beautifully printed in OCtavo, in 2 Vols )
: rm The Works of Mrs. Bb AV Y’s. (Author of the Re-
form’d Coguet, a celebrated Novel, dedicated to the Ladies
of Great-Britain) confifting of Plays, Novels, Poems, and fa-
‘ miliar Letters. Printed for J.Stephens at the Bib-.e in But-
cher-Row, over againft the Bear_and Harrow-Tavern, with-
out Temple-Bar, and fold by A. Bettefworth, J. Osborn, and
T. Longman in Pater-Nofter-Row, W. Meadows and J. Bra-
therton in Cornhill, and ‘by the Bookfellers of London and
Weitminfter. Where may be had, juft publith’d, “A Mafter-
Key-to Popery, ins Parts, dedicated to her Royal Highnef&S
the Princefs of Wales. The 2d Editioncorrected, with large
Additions. By D. Antonio Gavin, born and edueated in
Spain, fome Ycars fecular Prieft in the Church of Rnme, and
fince 1715 Minifter of the Church of England. ‘Price bound
in Calf 2s. N.B. In a thort Time will be publithed, The
‘Artof abbreviating Long Hand Writing, directing how to
write much in a little Time and fmall Compafs. By a Per-
fon of Character. Price éd. This is the firft that has becn

, publith’d on this Subee « the Newbury Coach. he
4 Pafte-hoard Box loft out of the Newbury Coach, between
eae White Pear in Piccadilly an Windfor, in.it three
Suits of Head-c'othes, one a looped lac’d Suit, the other a
fine Cambrick, with a fine narrow Edging, the other 2 plain
Cambrick Ruffles to them‘all; one Flandkerchicf of Mu-
fin work’d with two Greens, one lac'd Handkerchief, one
lain Muflin Handkerchief; three pair of Bays Kuffes on
Bofome : If thefe Things be brought to M's. Calvert in Col-
- , Wektmintter,
foe Soachwan, they fhall have 2a Guinea Reward.

ieht. ftolen or ftray’d ont of the Grounds of

Ent. 8 at Night, a the County of, Hunting

- cht Gelding 14 Hands and 3 Inches high, 5 Years

old a bt Bar a iarge Feather on each Side of his Neck,
Mare-headed, and rides with his Nof pointing out, one white
Foot behind "if not two: Whofoever gives Netice to the faid
Wm Rowley, of St- Neot’s, or to, Mr, Winder, at the Cur-
rier’s-Arms and Horfe-Shoe, in Fann s-Alley near A lderf
, of the Horfe, fo that he ma

ate Bae ned Reward and reafonable barges. -
jax, CTEEL Sprirg or jointed Truffes for the Cure ot
OPO) NS “Kuptures, eafy to new born Infants, and effe-

ectnal to the Aged; alfo Spring Tn les without
Steel Circumference, of an‘entire new Invention,
extraordinary eafy as well as ufeflil; alfo Bag Truf-
fes for fix’d ‘Tumors. Perfons in the Country. fen-
ding their Bignels, and which Side the Rupture is,
A” may be fapplied with the Truffes and: proper Dire-
é long Hy Peter Bartlett, at the Coven tt divers Initra:
Chita: Cheapfide, London, who vers Inftru-
C Yan, Teak and Lame. :

: shes vol he W M. Bartlet, at the Golden-Ball over-

/ Fils Moun. in Fleet- is skilful in this Bufi-
Lane, in Fleet-Street, 1s sk! 5 Hulk
yiefs to SE A Sex, Her Steel Spring’ cuffes for Ruptures at

' the Navel, are exceedingly lighit,.ealy and cate

# 4

or to Charles Redmon4, the Wind- .

be had again, thall.

§. 6a. the quart borele, with

i. ONDON: Prinwd by iv. MIST. in Great:Carter-Lane.

- Advertifement to all thofe who nfe Sheet-Lead.
iv 1s »greed by all, ! le
equal to the thinneft Part of the Sheet, it would be better
and more durable than to be thicker in one Place than in afo- |
cher, fo that the Excefs of Thicknefs is not only an uneceffary
Charge paid for, ‘but it makes the Sheet worfe, by its ftronger
refifting the Sun-Beams, which falling alike on all Places,
drawsup the thinner Parts, when the ftronger ftays belund,
and caufes that cockling and cracking thereon, and is cer-
tainly fo much worfe by what it varics from an Equality ;
whereas-if Milled Lead pebutas thick as the thinneft Parc
.of a Caft Sheet, befides its Beauty and Sinoothnefs, the Equa-
lity and Solidity is fulFcient to prove it much better thin aft
Lead; befides, there are Crack-b ow Holes, and Sand Holes
in Gaft Lead, that often happen, and lic concealed with the
Sheet, net appearing on the Superficies. The general Ufe the
Mili'd Lead is applied to, plainly ihews its Preference to Calt
Lead, viz. his Majefty’s Royal Navy and Yards, and Green-
wich Hofpital; all the fifty new Churches th t have been
built are covered with Mili‘d Lead, the‘ Honourable Com-
miffioners not admitting a Propofal of Caft. It would be
endlefs to mention what Quantity of Mill’d Lead is ufed on
the Honfes of the Nobility and Gentry, as likewife on common
Buildings, &c. Note, John Fincher, Plumbér in Swallow
Street ag 1inft St. James's Church by the new Buildiags, hath
there an entire Lead Mill to himfelf, and fellcth his Milt‘d
Lead much cheaper than others,’ as any one by fending or
fpeaking withhim, cr his Partner, James Slater Plumver,
may be fully fatisfied. The Sizes are from four Pound to five,
fix, feven, eight or nine per Foot Square, or any furticr
Thicknef$, ic being caft an Inch thick, and five Foot wide :
It is delivered any whereab- ut Town free from Charge, having
a Cart for that Purpofe: They alfo make Mould Water Pips,
afer a new Method, ofall Sorts, andexehange for Pig Lead,
or old Lead. .

‘THE incomparab'e Powder or cleaning the Teeth, which

has given fogreat Satisfaction to moft of the Nobility and
Gentry in England, for above thefe 20 Years, notw.thfta ding
tne many Counterttits fince its firft Publication, endvavouting
to imitate this the on!y true original Po'der. Sod only ar
Mr. Palmer’s Faruhop, in St. Michael’s Church-Perch, Corn-
hill, at Mr. Markham’s Toythop at the 7 Stars under St. Dun-
ftan’s Church, Fleet-Street, and no where elfein Engleni. It
at once ufing makes the Teeth as white as Ivory, tho never fo
black or yellow, and effectually preferves them from rocting
or decaying, continuing them found to exceeding old Age. Ir
wonderfully cures the Scurvy in the Giuns, prevents Rheum or
Defluction, kills Worms at the Root of the Teeth, and there-
by hinders the Tooth-ach. It admirably faftens looft T'ceth,
being a neat cleanly Medicine, of =pleafant and grateful Scent
Price 1s. the Box. Note, all the Nobility, Gentry, &c. wha fend
to Mr. Markham’s for the Powder for the Teeth, are defired to
give ftrict Orders not to miftake the Shop, (MA RK HAM
at length is under the Seven Stars) becaufe moft of the Toy-
Shops in his Neighbourhood, fecing Multitudes go. to - his
Shop for it, have trump’d up Counterfeits, and fell their Scuff
in Imitation cf our known and approved Powder, in rejudice
tothe Pubiick. N B. At the fame Places are fold the highly
efteemed Lip-Salve for Ladies, &c. of a charming and delight-
fal Scent. Price 1s. each Box. _—.

WRIGHT’s Dieuretick, or cleanfing Tificture. -

Ww iia urinally difeharges ail the feces or putrid relicks of

tie Lues Alamode, or Venereal Infection, and caufes
its’‘Concomitants, the wretched Train of that ‘complicated
Diftemper, asa mucous, filthy, lanious Matter lodg’din the
Reins, or {permatick Parts, which either caufe a iharpnels in
the Uhine, or too frequently provokesit. This Relick is
difcoverable, yay by the fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a
Debility or WeaknefS of the Back, a feetid naufeous, and
averting Sinell of the Urine, with a purtient Miatrer, or
feculent Sordes, refiding at-the Bottom, or Hying in it, with
Variety of Figtires. Farther, this Tincture efpecialiy carries
off all Relicks of the Venereal Difeafe, after itl managed
Cures, not only. cleanfing the Urinary Paffages of all Sand,
Gravel, Films, or membraneotls Pellieles, &e. but after a
fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins reftoting them, and
all their genital barts, to their original Tone and Ufe, though
the Misfortune and Decay be of the longeft Date, with an e-
gual Succefs in each Sex. To be had tor res.per Bottle, with
Lireétions for its Ufe- only athis Houfe, the Golden Head
and two Lamps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ltdgate Hill.

An in‘allible Remedy for broken winded Horfes,

HAT hath been publithed and fold many years bore
T any counterfeits in other forms ‘appeared 5 and highly
commended trom one friend to another; the vaft quanticies
that have been fold, doth alfo verify the truth of its efficacy
and virtues, which moft perfectly cures. them, after m ‘ny
things preinifed -have been ineffectual, to a wonder, in a
fmall time, . without confinement, by attenusting 2nd open-
ing the globules of the lungs dried up, and all paffages ob-

firncted, by hamours dripping thercon, occafioned by hard 1i- |.
. ding, colds, &c. It caules prefently a free perfpirition, re- |

newing its force, vigour and length, as wellas ever; thofe

‘only alittle touch’d it cures imynédiately, as alfo all coughs,

calds, wheelings, &c. being alfo excellent in preventing ma-
ny- other diftenpers, by maintaining, prelerving and conti-
nuing a good breath ; and, ia a word, by this medicine alone,
many Horfes have been niade fo perfectly found, and have.
been fold for ro or 12 L.which by being broken’ winded could not
before be fold for 3 or 41. is fold at Mr. Lockton’s toythop at
the Grifin, the cornér of bucklersbury in the poultry, atys..

mechions. |

if we Plumbers could caft Lead exactly |

_ Greg's Bookfeller at Charing-Crots. l

HILIP PICKERING, Writing Maftcr and
P tant, at the Golden Pen in ater Nofter Rowe
Door to the Chaprer-Houfe Coffee-Houfe, teacheth all the
ufefiil Hands of Great Britain. Arithmetick and Merchant
Accompts, after a new and eafy Metiiod, approved of. by
eminent Merchants, and alfo qualifics young Gentlemen tor
Merchants Counting-Hontles, Atcorneys Cierks, the publick |
Offices, or any other BufinefS; and for tic Benefit of fitch:
who have not Time to attead the ufual School Hours muy
be caught there afterwards at reafonab'e Rates. N. B. At
the Place aforefaid young Gentlemen may be reafonab!y

boarded in a handfome Manner, in d jarge airy. Houfe, and

‘taught with great Expedition thef uf:tul Qualifications be-

tore-mentioned.
This f{pecial Notice is given, to prevent Mi
That Mr. Allecrott is removed a few Doors Mighes in the
; Street, Miz. to the Bluc-Cort-Boy, a Toy*hop, the fecond
ove Exchange-Alley i ‘nhi i
Royal-Exchange: 6 ” - cor anil’, againft r he
nd alfo to prevent Counter‘its
Tut the fo-much fam, and only true Original Royal-Chy- -
mical Wath-Balls for beautifying the Face, Neck & Han
thit were removed to Mr. Allcroft’s fome Years ago, to pre-
vent Impofitions, (che Truth of which can, and will be atteft- -
ed as often as required, both by Mr. Alicrofe and Mrs. Giles):
are now fold only at Mr. Allcroft’s Toythop,-at the Blne--
Coat-Boy, the zd Houfe above Exchange-Alley in Cornhill,.
agate mie Royal Exchange 3 and at Mrs. Giles’s, Miltiner,
: s-Pillars-: le, i
Price 1 ‘ ules- ars-Alley, by the Temple, in Fleet-ftreerT
' They have near thefe 30 Years been ued a i
both Sexes of the heft of:Quality, and many thonenn °-
Gentry aud-others, for making the Skin fo delicately foft and
fnooth, as not to be parallei’d by any Watt, &e. of
Kind or Form, or any Wath-Bal’, notwithtandin what 43
frid to the the contrary by Pietenders’; tor thefe Ballsare in
deed real Reantifiers of the Skin, by tasing of all Deformi-
tics, as Tetters; Rign-worms, Morphew, Sunbum, Scurf,
Pimples, Pits or Rednefs of the Small-pox, and keeping it
ofa latting and extream Whitenef. . ney fon alterered
oy rough Hands; are admirable in fhaving the Head: the
not only give a more exquifite inarpnefs to the Razor, but t)
ecimort the Brain and Nerves, as to prevent catching Cold
They are of a grateful and pleafint scent, without the leaft.
«rain of Mercury, and may be eaten for their Safety. ;
. Yo Smelt'to, &c. 3
“PHE. mot Noble Volatile Smelling Bottle in the World:
Bs which fmelled to, momentarily fetches the nioft difinal
fainting or fwooning Fits, and ina Moment re-noves Fluth- °
ings, Vapours, Duinef%, Head-ach, Megrims, &c. It takes
off aH heavy .Sleepinefs, retards Swooning, Keeps ‘up-the
>p-TIts Co @ Miracle, and by its Uie adnits of no Fainting
Gut invigorates and enlivens the while Man ; recreates, an
makes cnearful, a’thongli acver f> fad, and in a Moment
r .ifes all the fen‘itive Facuities: It is alfo to be taken in-
wardly by Drops, which edectually takes off and eradicates
i € very Cate; for it potently relieves, comforts and
rengthens the Brain, creates ant corroborates a Stomach
remo es Sicknef$ from it, helps Digeftion, c‘eanfesthe Blood.
and ina Word, Is the greateft.Cephalick, Stomatick, He:
pitick, and powerful Aromatick polfible; therefore is ex--
Ereain neceflary for all Gentlemen, Ladies, &c. always to
g earic: in their Pockets. Sold now only at Mr. Mark-
Chteh. peso pet che Seven Stars under St. Dunftan’s.
? wh” - Me * Le i
Poulcre, ates ed rans at Mr. King’s Picture Shop in the
| ~ T the Dove and Golden Ball in’ Salisbury-
Court, Fleet-ftreet, liveth a Gentlewomarh.
that prepares the moft excellent Gofmetick or
ent Beautificrs yet known, as that moft noble Pre-
“Ss paration of Peayl, witha particular beautify-
: ing Finid, both which ufed by Ladies of. the
2: hrit Quality; they, with Surprize, take away
Sa Rednefs, Pimp'es, Roughacfs, Worms, Mor-
phew, ‘curt, Sun-burn, Freckles, Wrinklés, Pits of the .
Smali-Pos, with othcr Defilements of the Skit. Likewife
ihe prepares a fine Italian Cream ‘or the Face, Neck, and:
Hands, which plumps and fmooths the Skin to Admiration 35°
the Nuns White-Pots, and Tower-Street Pots, with an Eaft- -
ndia Chinefe Ked Liquor, none having the Secrer but her--

“= — ~~

—_——

-felf: It gives a moft natural and lafting Blwh, that no Perfor <

can diftinguifh when oa the Face, and not to be ‘
Alfo to be had, the red Crown Cikes, Wiilte- pate or it oft:
for the Hy ace, oF ands, and all other Cofineticks tormerly fold
hereby Mrs. Hockle. IN. B. She has a chymical Liquor which
alters red or grey Hair toa light or dark Brown.
veut CLIPSE of the Moon. a
HEREAS on Sunday in.
the Evening the roth
of Oé¢tober next, a bright refs-
plendent’ Full Moon w:ll be fo
tocally disfigured as to appear
very formidable: An exaé.-
Account of it, with a curious
Draught of tne Interpofition
of the Earth and its Atmof-
phere between the Bodies cf
the Sun and Moon is pubdlifh-
ei, and which Book is Given
Gratis at the Auodyne Neck-
oo m- =~ - hace without Temple-Bar: At
Mr. Jeremiah P.iin’s, the Firft Toy-fiop on the Right-
Hani in Pope's Head Alley, trom Cornhill, And at Mr, -

 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 25 Sept. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786180/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 