Ps

-

Gee ee) this Week, prefent .my “Readers:
oat with two oft niy, Corsefpondents:

evel Letters; upon different Subje&s ;’

Mte-@oy the firlt-isa-Propoftl for the En-

; Ses Couragement -of _Wit and good
Sence in our Theatrical Diverfions, both .which-

ca oe

have been, :for fome Tinie,;in a declining Way. ‘|

1 fhall nar prepoflefs my Readers in Favour of.

sit ;Jlet- them. read; judge: and try. All I can fay .
is, that though it fhould: not be approved I have’

done but Juftice in offering it to the Publick, and:
it may {pirit up fome other Perfots.te propofe a_

betrer Scheme.

The fecond is upon: a Subje& of greater Gra~
viry ; it concerns the Grievances. fulfer’d by the:
inferior Clergy. This Letrer” we could not fup-:

9S) Shall,. for the Entertainment: of.

‘quent the Theatre,’ theré ‘might be ‘found “four |
| at leaft, ‘that wetld be -Willing’to fub:

hondréd;
Scribe each ‘half a Guinea on ‘fel: Conditions, 16
have a néw Tr

sr

entitled to one Box Ticket : The Play to be per-
form’d at -leaft three times: ‘The Houfe to hk¥e

four Shillings of eich Subfcription, and the Poet :
': But neither Player or -
Author obliged to. ftand to the Propofals unlef .

to have the Reinainder :

four hundred fubfcribe. By which Means, with
the Chance of more Subfcribers, .or fac a$ hall
accidentally drop in, the Houfé will fecure to it
felf,. at leaft, 3601. &’ Night.in the Boxes for

three Nights together; and the Poer will get a-

bout 1001. for his Pains ; enough in Reafon if the

Performance be but indifferent ; ard yer, for.the —

a = :
. Sor . . ~
a . : . a * “ > - * ry 9 w fr . . 1 >’ . " om - . z bd » .
; . 7 » ? 3 . . . . 4 e ~- ‘ -*
"y vs - eo ta : * . #. , re Py ° . * nd
: ; a : t ‘..@@ yl oe at ve . « . Fr - fy >. ¢ Ps .
‘ ~ + an a . a» " ~ ” gr . oT . , " H ° .
aw} a>. . > d t F : ul ry -, i , 5 ae . . ry . ; >
e r . . ' esseatd, = "wes ~ 7 ¢ “ 2 r i - . "ee . ti) ax , , , jo
t . . * : . * : } ' . } 2
. . .- : ° 1 . + . FY . . . °~ .
., ° . _t ‘ . < * ~ Pete > = . - . 4 . ve . ts t 1 ‘ rc . a © oe a | i oe - . Dog. “a
: ,

_ Sarunpay, NoVEMBER: 4a; 1725.! -.

. dy or Comedy (as fpecified in
the: Propofals) a&ed the next Seafon; to have ;
the printed Play deliver’d in to'them, and to’bé | ‘poo
| ‘ly in-this Town)' whofe Fortune beitig laid out ia

.?
we
4 -

‘effeGtual for thar;*as by making thénh-podr;--to pur
them under'Temprations of -doing'-whéar’ W% bale’;
abt this T think'is thé natural Confequence of that
low and‘ beggarly ‘Recompence they. génerally
meet with as: a ‘Reward fortheir Labours.’ A

oor Curate is a-poor forlorn Creature (efpeciat-

his Education, he has:nothfng many times to de-
pend-on bur this ‘very flender Salary; or‘the more
‘uncertain Favours ‘of the People { ‘that oné-is not
‘fo'much in your’Power to remedy, ‘as I believe
the other may, and if, you cannot ‘prevail’ with
thofe that employ them to be more generous,‘ you

| may fpur upthe People to a greater Liberality.’

I have known a: Curare or Reader of as‘un-
blemith’d Chara&ter, perform’ the Duties of his
FunGion carefully and well,’ and afier-a: continu-
‘al Attendance upon daily Prayets' Morning and:

. ENuMs. go).

- prefs, ‘either in Juftice to our felves or the Wri- .
“ter, fince- we have declar’d, that to encourage |
. Morality and-Reliffon » fhould, at all Times, be -
-~one of the Defigns of -this Paper. - -
| T HE. tirefome dull Round of the fame Plays
& ‘over and over.again, at both. the: Theatres,
_ would make one readily imagine, that either
- Wiris.at «very low. Ebb amongft us, or the Ma-:
‘pagers are grown infufferably lazy, or the Spe-:
‘ Gators:come with no other Defign thantowhile |. T
away three awkward Hours, which they know | that.the Play be infcribed,
- not how to.difpofe of any other Way: Probably | to-the Promoters ef it; fo that, if.a proved of, .
‘it is tq a Spice of all chefe together thar the pre- F ;¢ach may contribute as he thinks_y rapeér, asa Re- .
_ $fent Calm of.Humour is owing,” .Qr, hap it fo:| ward for bis aft Performance, and an Encoyrage- ;
Apent ir felf in the laft Ages, that. it ‘fleeps.in*| ingat to, labour-abdout his-next.;. if it he not ap- | ‘nor4
“cours, and. will-not.bt able to reéover its Spirits a-' ‘proved of, he is already paid, and will,.in all |. Tradefman part with his. Goods without Pyrite,
gtin till our Great Grand-danghters. fparkle. ini] . robability, lofe. his. Subferibers for the ‘future. -* .| ‘why .of ali Manikihd moft the Clefgy’only' (I
the Boxes? More unhappy we ! that arefore’d to:| That farther, the Subfcribers’ Names “be al- | mean the-inferior) ‘work for next to-nothihig ?- or
fced on the ftale Wit that was ferv'd up in the -| ways prined.. If the. Play be good, let the Con- | how can we expe Men of Senfe fhould engage-in
‘Days of the Farthirgale! And tho’ I believe no | tributers be diftinguith'd by proper Marks, that | the Service of the Church, when nothing but Po-
“Age will ever equal theirs, yet, perhaps, a more: the:World may-fée who are the Patrons of Wit, *] vertyand Contempt, .are the Returns to all-theit
- fimple Difh, for Variety, may be defir’d, rather |, and: Encouragers of Ingenuity: If the Play ‘be |.Studies ?. To. invite the Reader to a Sunday’s
“than to be: continually. cramm’d and furfeited | bad, the Play-wright: wil] be obliged.to acknéw- | Dinner. in the Parifh. (and this bur- fometiries:
with the rich Feafts of Shakefpear and Ben .Yobpfor.i} ledge, .and ‘record himfelf an Undeferver. So | is a very poor Provifion for rhe’ following Weeks
“Av Aittle Banftead Mutton. may: relifh-betrer than | thatthe Fear of being cafhier’d, and the Scandgl | and is in no fort pitting him-in:a Capacity’ ¢
cer an Orielan Author of ‘emall- =. :. > -} Of no Contributers ; together with the Hopes of : appearing decent in Drefs, or improving in Know-
‘T therefore think it fhould-be our. Interefts. to: : lédge for the want of Books‘and Cloaths. What I
would recommend to your Confideration is, that

‘vening, fit down: at the ‘Years end wirh lef than
ten-Pounds for his Labours ;+an honoursble; and
glorious ‘Recompence! Now. the Café of thefe,
7 Gentlemen is-very-hard, who are expe&éd to do
tion full, he need nor trouble himfelf about his | all Libcratities with the: Generofity‘of an ample
Play, but write it as negligently. and flovenly as | Fortune, and at the fame time fearce:know where
-bis Occafions or Indolence may require. | toeat, the néxt’ Meal. - People’ that one would
_. Secondly, Becaufe rio ingenious Gentlemen will | fuppofe were fruly‘religioug by their daily Atten-_ -
think it worth his while to undertake fucti an Af- | dance atthe Service of the Church? Gait'yePwith-
-fair, upon fo. fmall a-Confideration.. || ~° |__| out Scruple of Confcichce reap the: Fruits of their
To .obviate both thefe ‘Obje&ions*I propofe, |. Labours without the, leaft ‘Confideration,: ‘bur
as in Juftice it ought, || they fhould refle@, this ‘is very hard upon thefr
‘Side who mutt pray for-noshing,. tho” nothing in
thjs Town but Prayers‘can be procured at O'vile
a Rate. A Gentleman ‘fhould confider, if He Will
‘not relinquifh any Share of ~hiy Reveniié; nora

Variety and Noveélty, not dear co the Sab{cribérs.*
Some, indeed, may fear. the Produ ion’ will |

not prove extraordinary, ‘for thefe Réafons ;
Firft, Becaufe.if the Poet can get his Subfcrip-

. '

Jarge <Colle&ions, and more Subfcribers for the —

provoke.as much-Humuur as thefe Times are ca-"
pable of, by-proper Encouragements. «It. is pre- :

‘bable: thar Gentlemen; - diffident. of. their own:

future, will'whet, and ftretch the Poet’s Inventi-

-on toits utmoft length and Capacity. Then fliould
both the Houfes endeavour by thefe Means to ob- -

you would debare the Caufe, and’argne with your
ufual Spirit, thar no Miniftér or Set.of People

fhould expe& a Gentleman's 'Lahours for a Trifle,
nor foffer Prayérs-to be-daily performed, unle&
where fome Care is regularly rake thar the Offf-
ciator be confidered more fuitablly to luis"Pains and
Meri, 0
Tf you think fit to fend this into: thé World-af-
ter iris modelled to the Peoples Appetite, youmay
| , perhaps hear further from yours. ~~
>I R,. ae . of "|? Unknown Howie Servant, .
AS many: of the Weekly, Papers are endea--[| = = 7 PA RODOSYAS
£4. vouring.to undermine Religion by expobing ee ae RE ie
and ridiculing the facred-Orders of tho Clergy, fo} FOREYVGN AFRPAIRS |
I think every. true:Lover of that which is.good,

fhould give his ‘helping Hand for the Support of
‘them both; .and becaufe your Paper fias been a
fort of Defender of, or Parson to Things ‘facred, |

lige the: Audience,- the: two Champions wou'd |
provoke and {pirit up one another into a diverting:
and glorious, Aimulation, to the agreeable En- |
tertainment of the Town, and to the. great En-
couragement.and awakening of goad Senfe, and
Ingenuity amongf us. Iam, Sir, _ |
, Your faithful humble Servant, _
| . ee Crunk-MaRer.

‘Strength, are now afraid to Atscempt any. ‘Thing |
“En this'Kind, judging, that either every, Bady.de-
‘clines the Task, or are: fure of being rejeged:
And, indeed; I believe the Players are; unwilling ‘
xo rifque any Thing upon the Hazard of a new
» Play’s Succefs, efpecially fince they ean fill
‘their Houfes without giving themfelves fo much.
"Troubles. eT oo,
_ Bur, tothe juft Praife of the New-Houfe bé it.
‘dpoken, they have ufed very fair Endeavours to -
win the Affection of: the Town, ankhave-gain'd
‘a great Deal of Credit by'Plays that have been
refus’'d:' arthe Old. a oo
T ‘fuppofe therefore any Propofals will moet
with’ a ready Acceptance that fhall: at an-éafy

SIR,

They: write from Warfaw’ that many Proje@s

have been‘ offer'd'to the Miniftérs and’ Senators of
Poland for accomhodating thé’ late TnfraGion at
thie ‘Treaty of Oliva, in Relation to the unhgips

- Rare fecure Diverfion to the Town, ‘be an Advan- - on to Thi ( t, ay Re !
tage to-the Player, and an Encouragement and -) 1 take. the Liberty to.offer you a. few 4! nts ‘whe- | Condition of the: Proréftdh 3 of. Thorn, ‘brit Bast.
‘Reward ro the Author. : . - ; : Father ufeful or ' 0s, 48 you are te be the fole Judge; | all of them have berh rejeGed; whien‘any Reiioy >
_ This-I-have ‘endéavour’d at in the: followirg | {0 youare act arty to'drefs them for the Publick, | ffrincés. have’ been made, the general Anfwe¢s “1
Scheme, which, facceed as it may, will reftify or commit them to the Flames... | at therro lias ‘been, ‘that that’ Affair muft-be refiyes 7

‘The debating of Religion will mutually few | vo.a general Dict; whereas it is iow very Wp

amy good Intention to the Dramma. mn nutually tol Diet.
the demeaning of the Clergy, and ne-way. is fo | known that thereis no-Defign of calling a E

I queftion not but out of fuch Numbers as fre-
 deliberate, upon this Affair; on the contraty,
there is a good Reafon to believe, that the Meet-
_ ing of the faid Diet is.purpofely.deferr'd, in or-
der to keep this Matter Mill in Sufpence. same
_ Upon the whole, it is no
(which is moftly compofed of Saxonsy and which
-Was never.agreeable to the People of Poland, has
been ail along very ind ri isin fpiriting up the
People and Senators into a Ferment upon this Af-
fair, out of a pitiful Piece of Policy of making
- themfelves. a little popular, by perfuading the
Multitude that the Court thinks as they do, and
by giving the Thing the. Turn of a Religious:
Quarrel, - the Poles, of all People, being moft a-
_. verfe.to the Doétrine of » Luther. ——So that .the
‘Minifters of the Princes whu have endeavour'd to
obtain fome Redrefs of thefe Grievances, feeing
_ the Views. of the Court are weary of making any
. further Mediations ; and; it is faid, only wait for
~ Orders from their refpe&ivé Courts to be gone. |

We are advifed from Mofcow, that fréquent
@ouncils are held there in thy Prefence ef rhe
.Emprefs ; and thatCourtiers frequently pafs, and
‘repats,. betwixt that Court and the Court of Vien-
. na, the Subje& of which was lately declared to

the Pruffian Minifter, who feem'd. to take Um--

—brage at it. The faid Minifter has communica-
ted this Affair to his Court, the Subftance of which
is that her Czarifh Majefty thought it advifable
_t0 come into an Ailiance Offenfive and Defenfive
with the Emperor and King of Spain.

They write from Paris, that the King having _

jaid a Tax of two per Cent. on the Revenuc of the
Clergy, tho’ they had not yet confented to it,
the faid ‘Tax was going to be rais'd. ——=-There
is a Rumour_fpread in Paris as if the Duke of
Bourbon had bought a Principality of the King
of Pruffa ; but this Rumour feems to haye no o-
ther Foundation, but that that Prince is look'd
upon tobe: rich enough at prefent to purchafe a
Principality. a : ,

. We have Advce from Wacentia, that Mr

. .

Ballendin, Major of Fort Frederick, dy'd the

géth of. Avguft.

_. From Sourh-Carolina, that the Shark Sloop

was going to Cruize on the pyratical Spanifh Per-— rer Cy
: nee PY el -Farmer, for breaking his Hedge’in Parfait of his

rianges. , a |
_» From Berbadoes, that the Falkland Man of
War, an which nigh 40 per Cent. had been in-
‘fdar'd, was therein a leaky Condition, being abli-
ged to part with the Merchant Ships in 34 Deg.
40 Min. Lat. and 39 Longitude, and to bear a-
way. for this Place. oe ~

_ Dublin, Nov. 9. The Houfe of Commons have
order'd two Printers to be taken ifto Cuftody for
printing the Votes of that Houfe, and for imifre-
peofenting the fame. A (Son of Dr. Goodwin,

ifhop of Kilmore and Ardagh, is dangeroufly

ill of the Small-Pox. There are new Orde }
compleating the- Regiments to a Man. a
* -Bdinburgh,. Nov. 13. Some Maltfters: who wére
proceeded againft before the Lords Jufticiary, for

ers for

Aot entering their Stock in Hand, nor giving Ad.

mittance ta. the Officers, are come off very fa-
vourably.; and. others alfo have found Means to
have the Praceedings againft them in che Exche-
quer refpited, at Jeaft for a while; in rthe,mean
ime they all chink fic now to comply with che
‘Terms of the A&.. Robert Dundafs, Efg; his’
Mijeft's Advocate for Scotland, is fer out for the
Bath, ‘to perfe& the Recovery of his. Health,
The Earl of la, . Juftice-General, is on the Point
Of departing for, London, and General Wade
Waits only ‘the Coming of his Basgage by Sea,
- their Excellencies having eftablith’d porfect I
quility in this Part of the Kingdom .
—} werwich, Noo. 15: Upon the Scrutiny of the

Pi for'an Alderthan ‘for St. Gilés’s Ward, there

rec that the Court.

-yerfions of this Plac

‘for their Petfeyerance in the truc Ingeroft of: the

Hot appearing a Sufficient Number. of bad Pollers ,
in Favour of Mr.

Churcliman, his Friends dc«li=
ned proceeding therein; and Yefterday Captain.
Balderftone was declared duly ele&ed) + >. ..
. Bath, Nows16. His Grace the. Duké of Bolton,,
John Hedworth, fq; andthe Lady Bolinbroke,

have received great Benefit by the Waters fince.}

their Arrival, which, we hope, will encourage:
them to continue the Ufe of them, to théir per-
fe& Recavery. I don’t know but we,may expec
fome'Aion between the Beaux, fince Mr-H—r
can’t bear a Superior, nor Mr. N——fh an_E-
qual if their Pretenfions to governing in the Di-

“From Shrewsbury, That there is a‘{plendid Ap-
pearance at the Plays arid Affemblies ; afd, that
a Phyfician and ‘his Lady were over-turn’d fix

'

time in the driving of two Miles, without ma-

king any Surgeon’s Work. _
From Lancafter, That one Wm: Davis is com-
mitted to that Goal for Defertion. ' | -
Froin Cambridge, That Difputes run high be-
tween fome of the Chief of that Univerfity; and
that the Rev.- Mr. Ferdinando Smithes, fenior

Fellow of Queen's College, dy’d there laft Week.

He was born in the Year 1648, the very Day K.
Charles was martyr’d; was very ‘charitable in
his Life-time, having in particular given 1500 I.
to Chrift-Church Hofpital, and 15001. for the
Ufe of three Batchelors of Arr, till they took up
the Degree of Mafter.

- ‘From Hafingeftoke, That they have taken two
of the Rogues who kill’d Farmer Cluer and robb’d
feveral others about a Year ago; ‘they have con-»
feffed the Fuéts, and difcover’d their Place of Arnis,
which was a Hay Stack, and confifted of 7 Piftols
and two Tacks. ot :

_ Worcéfier, Nov. 15 One’ Mr. Turner, a Clo-.
thier’s Son here, having been out aShooting ‘was:
found dead en she Field; “cwas immediately

_givei out that he had fhor hintfelf with his fow- ‘]-
fing Picce, by drawing ‘it, when cock'd, thro’ a’

Hedge, a Twig touching the Trigger ; but others’

there being no Marks of any Shot about him, and
e was murther’d, in a Paflion, bya

} think he got his’ Death in, a more delign’d Way,

fay, that

Game: He has.a large Wound ‘as if made by a
Hedge-Bill, which .Wound, all agree, was the
Caufe of his Death. The Matter makes a great
Noife hear, and ‘ftri& Enquiry is making ihto it.
A few Days before. a poor mad. Woman being a-

lone, inone of her Fits, cut ‘her Ear off; and. §-

running a Nail through it, would fain have had
it nail’d to rhe‘Pillory, but was Prevented by her
Neighbours, a So
Oxon: Nov. 16. On Monday the 15th Inftant
died here the Rey. Dr. Francis Gaftrell, Lord

Bithop of ‘Chefter (Canon of. Chrift-Church, and

fome Time Preacher_to the Honourable Society
of Lincoln’s-Inn,) to which Dignity he was pro-
moted by her.jate Majefty (of truly blefied and
immortal Memory) upon the Advancement of

the lace Sir William Dawes to the Archiepifcopal |

See of York, and confccrated April -the 4th, :
1714. To. defcribe him in either Scene of Life
would be like’ declaring the Influence of the. Sun,
which. proves as beneficial ‘as extenfive. He was
a Collettion of Vertues, and the diligent Paftor
of his Charch, reccived an additional Luftre from.
the indefatigable Patriot of his Country. ‘His.
by his Honefty, and rightly applied: by an‘unby- §
and Intearity for the ‘Prath. : Ps he receiv’d,. fo
hé added Honouk to his illuftrious Mather,‘by aug-
menting the Number of thofe Champions, fam’d

Learnmg was as great as his Goodnefs, equall’d

Natidn.

were foon to follow. . .

, “LONDON Noounber 20, he
The Reverend Mr. Tobias Martun is prefer wa

ted, by his Majelty, to the Living of the united -
-Parifhes.of Inchture and Roffie,.in the Presby-

tery of Dundee in North-Britain, in the
of Mr. Blackly, deceafed. ee 4
, A few Days ago the Honourable Mr. Vane and..

‘his Lady, Daughter-to the Duke of Clevelarid,.:..

4

came to.Town from Bath. The D. and Durthefs
Alderman, bath -;

Sir George Merttins, Kt. and

‘re-affum’d: the Office of Treafurer of Chrift'’s --
‘Hofpiral, havin

appointed a Deputy there du-
ring his Mayoralty. . po
_-_On'Monday laft died Mr. Weavér, one of the
Clerks of the Treafury.°- os she
Thepe was lately feiz'd at Caftopr-houle Key,a .
large Parcel of- Linnen, Luce, Cambricks, &c. ina .

Ship from Oftend, to the Value of 16001. and up- -

wards: Mr. Stanley, onc of the Land Survey-~ .
ors, difcover’d a Fraud in the Entry of the faid’

‘Goods, and thereupon feiz’d them.

We hear from Cambridge, that upon the Death |
of the late Dr. Wake, anew Fellowthip of a con-
fiderable Value is to be founded at Magdalen Col- .

‘lege in that Univerfity, which is to be appropri-

ated to Gentlemen of the County of Norfolk, and
to be called, The Travelling Norfolk Fellow ip. ,
The Will of Mr. Marriott, late Mafter of the .
Exchequer-Office, deceafed, contefted by his Sons, |
after a Hearing of five Days upon it, before the
Barons of the Exchequer, is ictt to Reference.
The Nottingham, Captain Haddock, and the
Superbe,.Caprain Archer Field, are putin Gom-
miffion for the Channel Service. = . «

The Reverend Dr: Wilkins, late Chaplain
to the Archbifhop of Canterbury, was married
laft. Week:at Canterbury. —-_—-- The Reverend
Mr. Walker, Fellow of Trinity College, Cam-_
bridge, is nade Chaplain to his Grace, and Dean
- Wehear the Reverend. Mr. Charles Willough-

‘by, is prefented by the Right Honourable the
-Lord Cr&ven to the Reftory of Hampftead’ Mar- -

fhall, in the County of Berks an
Sarum. ; I y ;

Sir, Robert Walpole is expe&ted in Town on
Monday next, together ‘wich Sir William Strick-_
land, Mr. Edgcomb, and fome others, from his

Diocefe of

- Seat in Norfolk. - |

Deaths and Cafualties. ‘The Hon. Mifs Cravetty’

_ the only Daughter of that Lord, died laft Sunday.

Mr. Weaver, a Clark of the Treafury.

——Captain Scot.of the Dragon Man of War, in

the Eaft-Indies.——Reverend Mr. Wynn, Vicar of
Hope in Shropfhire. —- A Woman drownd in the.
Canal, Se. James's Park. .

‘The middle of laft Week, and beginning of this),

‘two poor Perfons were found dead in the 'Tow~

cr Ditch ; it’s fuppofed they were in Drink, and
the Rails about the faid Ditch beinz much. out of
Repair, thefe dark Nights they fell in and loft

. their Lives.

_» The Dutchefs of Richntond is brought ‘to Bed:
ofaLady. = !

+ Whereas on Saturday, $uly 24, 1725; the follow ing

Paragraph ws inferted in this Paper, A certain Prl TTy:
young Lady, of a good Fortune, whofe Parents negle Ged:
to provide for her fo foon as ber [prightly Conftttution vée-.
guived, bas, within a few Days gons away with an
inferior Officcr af the Troops, but of avery agreeable
Addrefs; Mifs and the Cornet bave enter'd into the Mir-
viage State, as it were in @ Frolick.. We declare we |
aveye Impofed upon in the fatd Article, the fame, “as
we have [ince difcover’d, being intirelygroundlefs.
_ Ni By fhe. Letter’ from a Father concerning bis Stn,

and that fiom oar Friend Pickak,: foatl'be inferted'in
 boo. .

whe Hand:in-Hand Fire-Officc ‘were: pleafed, in
their Advertifement, to publith their Approbation

«. In the Gazerte of:*Tuetay if she Direttors of |

tof the Engines made by Mir. Newfham in Cloath-.
felloweth, The Direétors of the -faid OF.

Fair, as reth } Said
fice ‘having now -had two, Years. Experience of
uMr. Newfham’s Engine, and finding that, in

tgic.fulleft Manner, they anfwer the diftinguifhe .

articularly: the -extinguifhing the late Fire at
_ SLondon-Bridge.(and thereby the Prefervation of
cat: Number of Houfes, which muft;orher-

qife have been inevitably deftroy’d) was owing to
the Service they did upon that Occafion, dv think
themfelves obliged, in Juftice to him, and for the

' Benefit of Mankied, to give this publick Decla-
ration of their good Qpinion of them. . ( .-

_ tbe Reverend Mr, SaMMord, Curate of St. Mary. Al-
dermanbury, preaches the Evening Lefiure at Coleman-
Street Sunday at Night, | Lt.

, bo Morrow there will be tao Sermons preached for
the Benefit of the Charity Ch tdren belonging unto the
kato united-Parifoes of §!. Olave-$ewry ard St: Mar-
tin's Ironmonger-Lane, at the Pavifo Church of Great
St. Hellen’s, within Bifop[gate; that in the ‘Morning
by the Rev. Me. Day, Eefiurer of Alballow's Broad-
Street, dnd that in the Afternoon by the Reverend Mr.
Henley. :

- South-Sea Stock is 122
half. “India tjo1 half A

ADVERTISEMENTS.

“r HE Powder which kas met with fuch a general Appro-
‘bation from Multitudes of People, anfwering mn all

+ CharaGer: he has :given of them ; and that

1h! ,

Refpects filly the Ufe of Coffee; having had a very large .

Degiand, the Quantity then imported not being fufficient
be Care is taken, that none for the fi®ure ‘de

asi: ! farge Parcel bein
diappaated, 0 Large Parcel ber

and tight flayo

, ifs quay extraordinary na a0 nell " Sines,

nd
the moft judicious:

vin -
¥, with an Ofehard-
Londen, in Middleftx

featly frefh.

so A Gentiéman wants
~« Fronts untirenith'd, for.a Cnatt Famil
A Garden, about s0 or 20 Miles of L )
SE SRTY, rapotalgco be lett for Mer; Lo at Peete’: Co
" : To be LETT

A Very foo Inm,- at Godftone in Sutre
A iets as es

t ;

’ Meadow ai Awatie Ground

, on the Turn-

encies, and .soz Acres
: » Near ad ning, upon
f fix Years to come; the Furniture of the Inn, and
ry: Tackling to be, Sold:. Inquire of Mr. Tho.
» at Rygate, Surrey, f Mr ichardfoa, at the
ioe Boar's Mead at St. Marga;t’-Hill. on
Ce This Day is publimh’d, r

-~ 4" Eleven Prints, being the principal Storics of Don

.

ance help engrev'. Sol the fame Size of the French,

in Fleer-Street; W. Wil: : t Toy and Print Sho
che Corner of “ hinai's Gave Yas: Tho. Bowles in St

Pees,

ae thé-Globe in the Poultry ; Mr. Hutton
all-Mall, and G. Vandergneht in Queen-
Street, Bloomsbury. Where may be hai, A curious Sett of
Avaidemy Figures, drawh from the Lift, by thé late Mr. Lo-
uis Cheron. Engrav’d by G. Vandegucht. = |
Tolen out of Perer Rames’s.1nd at Toval near Miaidftone,
_ «J a Bay Mare about 14 Hands and 2 half high, a large Star
in her Forehead, and a finall Slin of White from the Star al-
ils 2 mealy Noft, and mealy about the
behind, an! a-Flag ‘Jail. She-hath
" mot been dock'd ahore 3 Months, and is co ning 4 Years old.
She hath, if neatly look"d tpon, a fmal! Spot of
‘above the Heel, in the white Hair of'cach hind Leg. Who-
_ ever will brieg Intelligence of the f1id Mare,. fo as-fhe may
be h2i again, thall have two Guineas Rewar!.
Ww Hereas a Watch bei )
at-Inftant, hy David Morits, at the: ‘Three Bowls and
Golcn Head, Holkourn-Bridge, Pawn-Broker. If the Owner
Wilk come and deferibe the faid Watch, they may have it a-

giin, paying the Ch: . . :
2 ‘AST. Thurfiay the r8th of Nov. was open’d Mrs. Holt’s. | Deb

Italian Warehouse, in Dnke's-Strect, near Lincoln’s-
19N-Fie'ds, where is fd all Serts of Tratian ‘Luteftring, Sat-
4in@ &c. aad, in a great Watehonfe, alt Sorts of Italian
Wines, Oyl, Olives, Anchovi
fhan a Pound; Afeafure no lef then a Pint.

dts Bank 133 1
ri :

ly fo that many Cuftomers could not

‘| at
‘| the Tatlow-Chandler over againgt White Chaople Chure
an J. likewife fine ‘Mou!d Candies, er a entarable Rate? .

L:. g AP Alber bese that, gives five. hair Pits of Mite bis
A Morning, and othe keel hee ot Mi eet

deft, and makes that witch. has lof its Flavous:per-

_ Whoever

‘Tho. "Faylor at the Golden Ly- .

ard: John Rowles over-againft Stocks Mar- .}~ AY ALTER TERRY Nephew to the’ late Mf, “Antho-

lue,_a little .

ftopo'd (fupoos'd to be ftolen) the

with, as fuficient to nravide her felfwith 3 a
foever (cXtent Phyfick) without: contéadting ‘sigeeatedt' er!
tshaereafter to my Prejadice: The.éfore, Uae hy for-?
bid all Perfons whatfoever to traft or gis Cred we the fhid:
Frances Yolckman my Wife, for. than S* will-gt pay any.

es, Capers, &e. Weight no lefs

nv

of Shi in. , af-ér che original
-Painsin Pat tha celebrated Mafter Wiitiam : Varidervatd, °
Ky FE. KIRKALL. This Work will confit of Storms, Calms;
Gales, Shipwrecks, Sea-Fights, Moon-Lights, S¢2-Ports, &c. :
Collette | fron the Cloftts of the Curious. Each Plate wilt
be 38 Inches by 73, fit for Frames and Glafles. .
The good Succeft the Author has met with in his formér
Wark of -Hiltorg, has’ encourag'd him to
Requeft of many Gentlemen, Painters, and-Lovers of Art. -
he Subfcription is two Guiness, viz. one Guinea down,
and half a Guinea more when eight of the Prints are dcli-
ver'd, which will be in Rebruary, Aext; the other half Gui--
nea ‘when the whole is delivered, which will be by Midfim-
mernext. There arc feveril already done, and may be fen
at the Author's in Wine-Officc Court, Fect-ftreet, and at
the following Places, where Subferiptions are taken in, vize
Mr. King's at the Glote in the Mr. GI: {'s under

.Pou'trey ;
the Royal-Exchange; Mr. Wildey’s Toy-Shop the Comer

‘OF St. Paul’s Churcn-Yard ; Mr. Phil. Overton's, and Mr.

Tho. Taylor's, Print-Shops in Hleet-ftreet. Mr. Regnier’s
in Nevport-Street the End of Long-Acre; Mr. Hutton's |
the Corner of Pail-Mall; Mr, Fletcher, Bookfeller in Ox-
ford ; Mr, Ben.Cole, Engraver in Bear-Lane, Oxford ;. Mr, :
Thurlbourne and Mr. Crownfield, Bookfeliers in Cambridge ;
Mr. Chaife, Boofcller in Norwich.

A Hout: fronting Warwick-Street, near Golden Square,
£3, containing four Rooms and Clofts on each Foor, with
a Halfand Bark-Stairs, Wath-Honle, Laundry, Stables, and
a large: Garden’ with -a-Door thereout into .King-Strect -
Chappel, and other Conveniences. Enquire at the next
OOF. .3:: . ¢ ld . .

A Very good improv’d Farm to, be Let by Leaf of 21 Years .
‘& of 1501. ort301. per Annum, near two very good Mar-
ket Towns, and within 22 Miles of London, in a pleafant -
Country, with very good Farm-Houf:, Parns, &e. Thof that
want finch 2 Farm may enquire. and know. more Particu-
larsof Mr.James Sout, at Queentlithe, orat the Golden Ly-
on Taverrin Queen-Street, near.Golden-Square, London. .

STRAY "a or ftclen from near Lee in Kent, November 12.
a brown Gelding about 14 Hands -high, 5 Years ol4, thin
‘ar fleke of ‘his Rody, a Starin his Forehead, trots hitd, gal-
Lops. roughly, and fometines lame: Whoever Pives Notice to
r. Banifter, at the Bell Inn on Margaret’s-Hill;  South-
wark, fo as the Owner may‘hav: him again, ‘that, have a

Guinea ‘Reward and réafonable Chasges,

HIS is to iriform the Publick, that the beft Tallow Can-.
.dles,-not inferior to any, is fytd by Thomas awlinfon,
itechapple-Bars; alfo by Allen Cowper at the Sig: of

of Milk in a Morning, and her Mit five 3
Inquize at Pool’s Coffee-Houfe, neat] moples Weeks old

+

Chefhynt, Nov. 2, 1726...
Tolen out of the Grounds detonging to Mr. Whitlam
.) Camp, at Chefhunt in Hertf 5a light grey, Gel-

ding, about 14 Hands high, ftrong ita nea yt
the-other Eye a Wall Eye, his Kaees Bave becti biotc, id
fome black Hair grown again full aged, hath all his Baeos,
ives Notice of him to Mr. imp at Chefhunts or

a

to. Mr. James Camp, Tal'ow-Chand er,~ in * Spittic

_ Market, London, fo aS he may be had again; thall-

Guinea Reward, and reafonable Charges. - ;

Los? on Thurflay the 4th Inftant, about Six a-Cigck in
a the Morning, out of a Gloucefterihite Waggon;:-@: fine
rough white White-Lift Piece of Cloth, marsed J
175, containing 21 -Yards and a half, Whoever Wiig
Mr. Jame? Fry at the Bell-Inn f 4.

ives Notiee to ir. James za r

trect, fo asthe faid Cloth ma had again, ihalive .
five Guiness Reward, and no Queftions ated: NBC TE any
one should offer to pawn or feli the faid Cloth, pray op it,

and give Notice as above,

ny Ingram, Robe-Maker,; at the Sign of the Gown
and Livery-Elond in Pater-Nofter-Row, neat the North-Gate
of St. Paul’s Ghurch, fells Minifters Gowne, Caffoeks, filk
and worlted Sathes ; alfo Gowns for Mayors and Aldermen
of any Corporation in Great Britain, ready made, at reafo-

nable Rates; alfo'Black Cioth and Pranella for ;Minifters
wear  likewife all Sorté of Gowns new, or lecond Mand, at.
yeafonable Rates. . a a re

Wy Heress Prances Volckqan the Wife of me fais
VY man, of St. Martin’s in the Pields; :in the @eiey.at
Middlefexs Gent. hath lately on A at of forme uncanny
Uneafineffes, abfented herfelf, dnd'lives febaratea sane
and otr'Children, vhom TF maintain ; -ahd therewaiaes*

at my faid Wife's Defire, by a certain Deed of SRS
this Day, fettled and fteured fuch an Aliétrance gata
ty to be paid her, during her natural Lite; in

my. Ability arid Eftate, gs c has, by 7
fame Decd, teftified herfelf to be fully:

ontent ee
Neca

Debt or Debts fhe fhall, after the }
Dated the 16th of November,s725.

“ .

YROPOSALS for printing by Satfcriptior fictcen -Prints, ”
2 ag in CHITA) QSCUR Feinal
rocee!, .at the. and in a quadruped, thewing their Difcoverer, Uf and: if

- added, Two very u
~ '*The Method of performing the high Operation, in which
the Stone. is extracted out of the Bla

Gentleman. .

hs; }

. thet Em nent, Dpine, never before print

‘ft and ebdftinate kind val D hout Cc
‘l-ment, or making your Cafe known to-anys; which, if it fails
48 todo, the Money is returned. Medi
(i de 93 Mr ?

_F ;

nft publith’s, ..-.

P °

Lilly, ‘To which is added,.the Botanical Diflection of the
Coffee-Berry ; read and demonftrated on feveral Preparati- ~

ons at a Meeting of the Royal Society, March 18, 1225-3

‘With Figures.. By Dr James Dé 1S, Honorary eliow of -
n

the, Royal College of -Bhyficians ndon, and

_A comparative. Deftription of all the Maftics in-a Man, |
ference. ‘To which is added, An Account of the Mulwes pe-
culjar to.a Woman. ‘With an etymological Table, and. f{
veral ufeful Indexes.. By the fame Author. . aol

gue of fimple Medicines that are fir'te be ait in...

ast

_A.Caralo
the.PraGice of Phyfick and Surgery, containing rhe Nines”
of the Difpenfatory, or Shop Preparations, &er

feful Tables.

Faithfu'ly collected fiom the Writings-of that famous Tri-

“univirate, Mr. Francis Roficy, who firt invenredir, Mr. John
Dougiafs, who lately revived, and firft fuccefstuliy pra*tifed: -
it an living Bodies, Mr. Chefleden, who ‘has fince r ly

succefs. © Alt Printed for G. '
over-againft the Royal-Exchange in Cornhill,
This Day is publith’d,

erform’d it with a wonderful Dexterity, and moft
Strahan at the Go

*..* Two Letters to a very Eminent and Learned Gentle.

man, attempting to fubvert the Doétrine of the Asians.

Being’ Animadverfions on a very famous Arian penn 4d :
wrate by him fome Years fince in India; by a Country Gene

tleman...Prineed for J. Peele, at Lock’s Head in Pa
Noftcr-Row. Price 1s. . Where may bebad,
Churches no Charnel-Houfes: Being, an Enquiry into the
Profanenefs, Indecency, and pernicious Confeaneness tothe
Livin , of Burying the Dead in Churehes and Chureh-Yardg.
lewin - es
4 Tht no Nation, or People, ever Buried in Towns, -
much lefs in Temples, or Placss deditated ta Divine. .
Il. That the Original of this Practice was founded in Pride, .
improved by Superitition, and encouraged for Luere. With
Remarkable Obfervations, Hiftorical and Philofoohical ; _
tothe Prattic2-
on, Bya

proving this Cuftom tg be not only con
of the Antients, but fatal in

. e Exvlanatory
*.* The Life and Aétions of that Ingemous
de la Mancha, wrote by M. Cewantes pe gd
to his Excellency the Lord Cirteret,. Lo@¥

Treland: Printet for Tho. Woodward, at
over-againft St. Dunftan’s-

This Day is publith’d, Ne, IT. in Spanifh and Englith » with

aft Church in Fleet.

Peele at, Locke’s

OF whom maybe hat N°. I. Price x ¢ 6d, snd
cand Critical A.ceount of the Lify
m Chillingworth, ri

Of: 7. : wherein are inferted {cverat

Leétuarium Mirabile: Or, the Admitable. _Eleftpgry |
“4 which infallibly cures I Degrees and Symptoms offhe.
Secret Difea, with more afc Speed and § ; than-mny
Medicine yet publifh'd ; any ol nning, &c. though “ob fe
veral Years ftanding, whether oceafion’d an_ oyer-fittin,
Weakaef of ‘the Seminals, or the Reliéts of a former.
on, iz certainly cur’d in a fhort Timé, without a Mfitiute’
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ufe-of Afringents 5 being ‘2°
Medicite fo wonderfully pleafane and eafy in its
that the niceft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may take i
with Delight: Two Pots are generally fufficient to compleat
4 Cure in moft Cafes. To be hadonty of the Author Dt. Cam,
a Graduate. Phyfician, who has pu it zo ¥

conitantly to be advis'd ‘with at his Hon® at the Golden Rall

, and Lamp, in Bow Charch-Yard in Cheapfide, at half a Gujnea

rendor Relation (of the fernate Sex)
ood Air, anda very Prertant. h, not far trom.Lon-
y ies etvants of their own

ant .

Sex s no ig MMow'g: of.- There is likewift
ood ‘Aceormmodation, ‘atvan eagy: Rabe, for Women-Luna-
Fieks‘or melaneholy- ‘ ‘are, Géem'd or thought in-
—cnrabie. Enquire at 3 the Penny
he Koy i-Exehange, and know farther ?
ar ¢ 0 “xs = ; ° a
aN .B. No Men Lanaticks are‘entertain’d at the. fame

-

Howe. .-- ||... i,
~ Againt the VENEREAL DISEASE. .
Hike tamons Italian BOLUS, has fo great Suecef&

- the Cure of the Venereal Difeafe, that not one of
at-Numbers that daily take ir mifS ofa perfect Cures an
ho’ fo very “cheap: a5 25. 6d cach, yer four Bol = : herer

carry © gnan )
of the venereal Difeafe, without Confige-

ase
.

This t cine likewife
cdrries it ont of the Body, and thereby

‘relieved thofe unfortunate Perfons -who Rave’ fallen into bed”

in former Cures. Is to be had only at the Flaming
Saora the Corner of Ruftel-Street, over-egainft Will’s Coffee-
Houle, Covent-Ganien 5 and if fold at any other Place is Cet —

and.is. -

-°*.* Lilinm Sarniente, or 8 Defcription of the Gnermfy, |”

O which are

Jer abovethe Os Putis.
 yet feattie the Geneiemeri of tana rivig’Boen long”
oP oe nots Sty Cuanpines ace at
Scok one vor. a nous City omeis;
anivea here, who by ber mMake-and Scatuie, ‘téems mighty
Enotigh té eat her her ups xiowever, Mrs, Scoxes being true En-'
g.ip Bivgd, (and remembring. tome lape Reflections ‘chit
were upon her lusband. by. fome ot’ thet Country. Volk)
is relolved. co fee ber out Viat Armis, :
(the only Sworiliman among the Hi $) to ule.
or hig okiu-to.xerrteve. Lhe 1 HO ur .of his - Country, . “or
may expect to come lamely off.’ This béirig
a notable and ‘diverting En gagement, .its NOt, doubted b
pundanze of Gentlemen wil erowd to Mr. t'igg’s Am
athe-pnsWeduelday. the 2gth Inftant, on pune to sce
yocommop Fetormance,
2.25 This Day is publith’d; the fecond Edition, . of. |
_¥* Practicat Peripective, or-an eafy Method of cept.
Maturai Objects, according tothe Rules of. Agt, apply’d-
an Geempiity’e in-all the Variety: of Cafes, as Lartdaskips,
G Buildings of divers Kinds, their Appendages, Parts,
&c. of Fi ures, both in Dtaught and Relievo; Alfo the Man- ;
ner et conducting the Shadows, by. ten Luminaries, and
practical Methods of defigning traly, withvut underitanding
any:Rules at all. A work highly. ary for Painters
Engravers; Architects, Embroiderers, Statuaries, J ewellers,
. Ta “workers, aid others coni¢ern’d in defigning. - The
Whole iilnitrated with-s60 's0 Copper Places. | Wisitten i in French
by a jefuic bt, Paris, f ace iepailated into erman, by Ch.
Kenibela, and into Engliih“by Rob, Prick, Gad ‘n now. a fe:
cond ‘time into:the fame Lang Chambers, ——= ;
‘6 it yout. would proceed immenatly co to. the: ‘Practice. 2 oF Per-
‘+ fhective, without engaging i in the Intricacies of the Theory, |
che Jeluit'’s Perfpéctive:will anfwer your: ‘Purpofe. Wolfius °
‘sin Klement Mathes Tome 1x. Page x Printed afd .
fold’by ‘Friomas:. Bowles, Print and.
Chureh-Yard, end Jobrt ‘Bowles, Print and Mapieler over
againit StocksMarket, aid at ‘Mercer's Chapelin Cheapfide.

os Math, Apprentice to Witliam Goodyer of
yhezeas, Jam in the sanity of Southampton, Carpenter,
about. ter Weeks fince Tun away, from his faid Mafter :
faid James Moth isa ad: ‘about-r9 ¥ ears, a well fet Fellow, wp
his‘ own. ¢ Jara Bait; | ‘when he went away from his fai
Mafter, a Cinamon ¢o Goloar’d oat, anda light colour’d Cloth
ates a yrs en wll eter to he Bad:
id James um to
pare se et ¢ ae -Lemme forthe Time he has abfented

“npon rea
= kindly received; otherwife, if any Per-
semua ee or entertains the f2id Apprentice, he
will be Sued for the fine according as the Law in
pares fini es
vor THES true I ach i Fini Water
rwuhteke ha been Bit
roe ve any Counterfeits ap-
: r'd,. roa the Importer St St - aed rl
ve ane | = is, fince his leaving
Sing, continued to” be
os Power, th Johaset othe

AT "ee i thir ¢Aiiey ER Eta

oe ndj.Mr- J.
Hemet’s, ‘perat fo oe ton to Mie ce Me, Beret
| ter Change mthe § a needs:no mpre--be faid of

if, than, it. is acknowle. ed, “by all, yFrne Judges, to be.
‘the Ane that wwer. Was Mfed os the 4 he World te i
| *t (ad q mi h: Copper Plat es

& Bok Bea om it ‘Thomas mat Moi ¢): “néat’ Pocket

pals ands

he-

peonminmn 0 othe Pre Praife of Folly. Made.
rors Lan d’s Hall, Oxo now Lot Bilhop of Fe
und’s Ha mn. now
sia Tes “Forwhict te picfin' pth ean and divers

ney Wilore vidio

x By Me. pron |.

sexpect igure

; Bate oan d Pletives een are | Chets
w eyith'a heave Loallsa

an d ey Conthm tions Vien ‘the Langs; &o,:- Noi

It isa fafe and p 5 to be taken by

tothe finted ant Meticines -withou
accordant eager of catching Cold: a Toa a be tind at-- Mr.:Gearge

ye

Strahan's-at the Golden-Ball Ss att the Royal Exchange hr Core

Cornhill, and at no ether Place.

of the late French

‘And. little . Jemmy - A

okes, to few ‘himfelf'a trué. Brito ‘invites Mr. Fe rkins, |
‘the ont ao Hibertiiatis) t be | Paul Sy and J. Sturt: in Waerigat

like to’ Prove: a.

a

Yarniture, &c. With ules for the. Propartions, F< Pofitions,

eller in St. Paui’s | great

ey Ca ‘AN

: ‘feeuient. ordes, yefiding
_ Variety, of Fi

| fngul pares fe invigorating the Kei
Co | ihe! disiorcon

. qual SPs eit

and two Lamps in Bell-Savage ¥ard on Ludgate Hill.

TINGERRENER OSA, CARDIAGA, or the Cordial.

. had
in’ moft, Pe
: {meter

iad drink

he'tealt Gontine-}”

Y

_ Eaters 4,

rchitecture, with Remar “and ‘Ob.

Mafter thereof S ebaftian LeCiare,
er arid Engraver to the Cabinet

d Member of the Academy of A-rts

and Sciences. Neceffary for young. People who would apply.
themfelves to-that.nobie Art. fEngraven in 18t Copper.
ohn Sturt. Tranilated by Mr. Chambers. ° Prin-.

ted for. Willuiam and .Jehn igatechvec at the Weft End’ of Sr."

* x “ArT reatife of.

“Yervations by that excellent |

Knight of the Empife, Dei
> J

T the HUNGARY WATER WARE

eo A HOUSE, ‘at the Black Boy-and. Comb,
+ a Comb- Makers, ‘the Corner of Bell-Savape-.
Tan ‘on Ludgate-Hill, is old right French
| Hun Water, being the fame Sort fold
‘feveral Years patt, and is eafily diftinguifhed

I-bout’ the Town pretended to -be imported
‘Likewife the following foreign Com-

" modities re fold at the fame Place, viz.
Rabe oa,

Bote. Florence Oil, at 2s: per Flask.
. Right Irith Ufquebaugh, at 28, the Halt-pint Bottle.
Fine Orange-Flower Water, at 1s 6d. per Flask.
‘ Right. adoes-Citron Water, at 14s. per Quait.
Right French Claret at 30 s.. per Dozen.
Alj Sorts of Leghorn‘and Bermuda Hatts for Ladies.
_N, By Thete.is cis 2: Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Flask, to.
. prevent ‘Conntertel
in ANNE, Daughter of Samuel Ladd, Yi-
ving at the Ship and three Daggers at
Doctors Commons, Perter,, being: about
14 Years of Age, ‘was blind of one Eye,
‘and ter ‘other Ey e being near blind, occafioned by a -
; Cold, inforauch whe hi not Light to guide herielf, ©
und advifed to a very eminent Ucculift, who after a.
‘confidera le Tithe he had her undér his: Harids, ‘we fouhd
fhe grew -worle, to our great Snr rize, fo that we had her
to diverfe other Praétitioners of Eyes for Advice, and was
informed by fome of them fhe could not be. cured; ‘which.
pane ug.to. dé{pair, and we thought the would Not be
to Sij fe n eeuns j bat bearing of the many and wor-
ures: Of th xtormed | y Mrs. Cater, who ftill
seh at the: ‘Wand ye aftle-Conrt Birchin-Lane, ©
neat Cornhillt,. ree oe to her, who, at firtt Sight of her,
told us her Eyes were carable, to ourno fmali Joy and Com-
‘fort, ‘and_alf> did pertorm the Cure in a fhort time, to our
great ion 3 ‘and this I do in ‘Juftice to the faid Mrs.
‘Cater, that: thofe Perfons who are under the fame A fficti-
on may. kriow wes fo apply for Cure, given under my
ber, 1725. amuel Ladd.
i cuires withowt iy nfAIMENt 5 and fhe intanlibly
without the Neaft Grain of Cortex, or that
eit fala Price 5.8 the Vial. ‘No Letters

fires cares te

-Yectived except.
WRIGHT’s. Bicuitick, or + cleanh ing Tintture.

Hich urinal) difthatges all the feces or putrid relicks of

or Venereal [ntection, -and caufes

_ the wretched T) Train of that com mplicated

y, tanious: Matter lodg’d in: the:

"Parts; wHich either catife a tharpnefsin.

Or too. yy te Ione provokesit. This. Relick is

quent ymptoins, ‘viz. by a
ell: caus the ‘Gane, wit

the Lues

hat tid. Aanteons, | and
‘2. » purient atter, or.
the Bottoin, or fiying in ir,-with
sigares: “Fathers en he ‘Tincture efpecially carries
alt Relicks.of the Venereal Difeafe, after ill managed
net. only clean(ing the Urinary. Paflages of all Sand,
Gravel; Films, . of -me s.Pellicles, &e. but aftcr a
ring them, and
te and Boeay be. their original Tone and. Ufe, though
y be of the. longefe Date, with-an e-

Sex.> To be had for 108. per Bottle, with.
‘Ule, only at his Houfe, the -Golden Head

Nerves, being an approved, experienced
~Medi¢apent infin , languifhing, and
5 Pi ipitatory, or Trembling of the Heart, in
ind and convulfive Diftem ers; and in: all
and Nerves it infallibly prevents the
. afid--Tea on the Nerves, which oceafions

Pople the above-menfloned Diforders ; (with many
you'll. large i in the printed. Book of Diresti-

t.
ik vet obo hg acm few. Dropgot this moft pleafant deli-

ffee or Tea, you: may then
See es SAD pleat ‘Medicine pen

etrates through
‘arid: fo recruits the Brain and Pra-
Spirits, whi rm the
fret A lacri Diet new Brisk-
lay-fecble be a wayering, now
at Exaétne’s s. more-
nef, confulea Thou hts,

an ced I Pa and x the
ad M glneholy. 1 Hhewig ftops
procures 2 procures good Apoetite,

Quality the fi Rank.
vfeokeit at the Golden Ballin
hange, and: at no other

iat
be whole nervous wear

Ad

I from the pernicigus counterteit Sort fold a-

ch Hungary ‘Water, at 18 3¢ the Hialf-Pint |

f

#4

LONDON: inteiby IM. MST, in G eat ter-Lane.

‘phew, sin Snn-buz

. Lately oubliftid ys
® The: Hiftory of the Conqueft of ‘Mexica by the px -
nistds. Done into Englith trom the Original §

n Antonio de Solis, Sccretary andj ‘Hiftoriograp er to Ne
-Extbolick Majefty, By Thomas Towniend, Efq; adorn'’d
with Cuts, Engraved by the-beft Hunds ; and the | Effigies of
CORTES the Spanith General, done from an Original Paine. -
ing of Titian's, by Mr. Vertue, Printed for T. Woodward,
at the HaltMvon, and J. Hooke, ‘at the Flower-.de Luce,
both againft St.Dunftan’s Church in Fleet: ftreet ; and JP ele, °
at _Locké’s Head in Pater-Nofter-Row.

N. B. Fhofe Subfcribers who have not fent. for their Books,
are defired to fend for then before Chriftmas next, - other:
wife they will be difpofed of,

Advertifemenc to all thofe who uf: Sheet-Eéea: Se

It is agrecd by all, if we Plumbers could caft Léad éxgétty -,

equal tothe thinneft Part of the Shect, ir would be better
and moredurable than to be thicker in one Place thani in ano- - +
ther, fo that the Excefs of ThicknefS is not only an‘on y’
‘Charge paid for, brit it makcs.the Sheet wert, ‘by its ftrouger ;
refifting the Sun-Beams, which fatling alike on all Placzs,.
draws up the thinner Parts, when the ftronger ftays- behind,”
and canfes that-cockling ‘and crackling thereon; \‘and is er. .
tainly. fo mtich worfe by what it varies from an. ne Pose 3
whereas if Milled -Lead be but as thick as the thinneft P
of a Caft Sheet, befides its Beduty and Smoothnefs, the
lity and S >lidity is fufficient to prove it much better than ;
Lead 5 befides, there are Crack-b‘ow Holes, andSand Holes

n Cait Lead, that often Hippen, and lie concealed with the
‘Sheet, ‘ net appearing on the Superficies. The general Ufe.the -
“Mild: ‘Lead 4 ‘pplid to, plainly fhews i its Preference to Caft -
Lead, viz. his ajetty’ $ g Royal Navy and Yards; and Green- ©
wich "Hofpital 5 ‘all the ify new hunches: ‘thet’ havé'been .; |
built ‘are ‘covered with Mill'd Lead, the Honourable Com-
‘miffioners not admitting a “Propofal. of Caft. “It would be
-endlefs to mention what! Quantity of Mill'd ‘Lead -is.ufed:on .
‘the Honfes of the Nobility'and Gentry, as likewife on common.
‘Buildings, &c. Note, John Fincher, Plumber: in ‘Swallow °
Street agajnft St. James's Church by, the new Buildings, hath -
‘there an entive Lead Mill to himftlt, and felleth he Milla
‘Léad much -cheaper than othess, as any one by. f or
{peaking with him, or his Partner, James ‘Slater aunt r,
may be fully fatisfied. ‘The Sizes are from four Pound to five,
fix, feven, eigtit or nine per Fdot ‘Square; of any furthcr
‘ThicknefS, it being calt an Inch thick, and five Foot wide :
It is. delivered any.whercabout Town free from Charge, haying ~
- a Cart for that Purpofé: They alfo make Mould Wat ter Pipes '
_after.a new Method, of all Sorts, and exchange for Pig Lead,

_ or- old
. oe AT, the Dove and Golden Balt in. Salisbury~
Court, Fleet-ftreet, liveth aGentlewoman .
° that prepares the moft exccllent Cofinetick 6r
_ Beautifiers yet known, .as that moft noble Pre-
tion. of Pearl, witha’ particular beaurify-
Fluid, both’ Which ufed. by. of the
nality 5 they, . with. Suyprize, take awiy.
Redne » Pimp’ es, Roughness. Wornns, Mor~
Freckles, ..Wrink! ables, } Pity Of the.
mall-Pox, with other Defilements of the S
fhe prepares a fine Italian Cream tor the Face, Neck, ate
Hands; which: plumps and. {mooths the Skin to Admiration ; 5
the Nuns White-Pots, and Tower-Streét Pots with an Eaft-
India.Chinefe Red Liquor, none_having- he Secret but her- —
‘felt’: It gives a moft natural and la aah thar no Perfon.
can diftinguifh when ofthe Face; and not ‘to be’ rubb'd o
- Alfo tobe had, the red‘ Crown Cikes, White-Paite, .or Gak
‘for the Face, or Hands, : and all other Golimeticks tarmerly fais s
here by Mrs. Hockle. “N.-B. She has_a chymical Liquor -whied
alters red or grey Hair to.a light. or. dark Brown. . hk

TEEL Spring or iginted T Trifles f for the Cute of a,

Kuptures, eafy to new born Infants, andeffe _
eStual to the. Aged ; alfo Spring Trnies without
Steel Cirenmference, of an entire ‘new Invention, .
=\ extraordinary eafy as well as ufeful ; alfo Bag Truf-
'fes for fix’d Tumors. Petfons in the Conatry fen-

WY ding their Signels,' and which Side the Rupture-is,

= “may be fipplied with the Trafles. and proper Dire- .

étions, By Peter Bartlert,. at the Golden-Ball-in St. Pani’s:
Church: Yard, Chea a London; who alfifmalies divers Inftra- -
ments to help the. kandLame: .

His: Mother, Mrs. “NM. Bartiet, at the -Gotden-BatT over"
againft St: Bride’s-Lane,. in Fleet:Street, ig shilfl in this Butt--”
nefs to her own Sex. Her Stect Spring Truffles for Ruptures-ae
the Navel, are exceedingly light, eafy-and céfectual.

Next week will te publihed,’

. SHORT WAY AT ‘ONCE ‘with the Core of the:

» SECRET DESEASE E,and A GLEET, fanch ‘Eifitr, -.

& Salter, Privateer, and a dext fe oner, oye 76 CK ”
burn’ s Chymical Lotion, without any thing taker
.Mouth than b Courfes of payt IcK- ‘Ale the GO OUT, ey |
Denritton .in-Chijdren, ‘This highly ufeful- Book is Given »
‘ones UpOne Pair cfsStairs ati the Sign of a

<aNoDy Niet

& nf y S,
at. Nis ) NECK KT "AK YD a .
-Riecommended’ ‘by Dr; Chamberien‘ for Children: s Téeth with "

-oup Temple-Bar. Ar Mr. Jer. Pain’ g, the F nf ao Paok te in

-Pope’s. Head-A lev from Cornhi]l. At Mr.
erat ChangeCrad ' Ang: by. R. *Bradihaw by She sie

“wr
- *

+
i

ee

iid
G
 ” packing: out an Flibernian. Hero.ne to match Mrs.
Scokes,tuc va, . and fainous City Cnampionels, there is now one.
ariuivea here, Who by uer Make and Stature, féems mighty”
€notigh to eat her ups siowever, Mrs. Scoxes being true tin-"
g.up Biwod, (and remembring. fome lace Reflections thit
were pait, upon her Husband by fome of tbat Country Volk)
is reloived co ite her our Viat armis, And little Jemmy .
Stokes, to thew himfeit'a crue. Briton, invites Mr. Perkins, -
(the only Sword{mun among the Fuberniahis) to ute the: beft
or his okii.to.cetrteve the Honour .ot bis Country, or he
may expect to come lamely off. This being like to prove.

a notabie and diverting Engagement, its not doubted but a- [|

undanse of Gentlemen wilt crowd to Mr. i'igg’s Amphitbe-
atté-on-Weduciday the 2ath Inftunt, on pyrpulé to fee this’
yicammon Petormance, co OT
*+* This Day is publith’d, the fecond Edition,
™,,* Practical Peripective, or an
ting maturai Objects, according tot ules of Art, apply'd
ani éxémpiify’a in-ali the Variety of Cafes, as Laniaskips,
Gardens, Buitdings of divers Kinds, their Appendages, Parts,
Furniture, &c. with nules for the Proportions, Pofitions,
&e. of Figures, both in Draught and Relievo. Alfo the Man- |
ner ef conducting the Shadows, by divers Luminaries, and
practical Merhods of defigning traly, withuut underitanding
any ‘Rules at all, A work highly neceffary for Painters,
Engravers; Architects, Embroiderers, Statuaries, Jewellers,
. Tageftry-workers, and others concern'd in defigning. The
Whole ulnitrated with 150 Copper Plates. Written in French
by a Jefuit of Paris, fince tranflated into. German, by Ch.
Kemibold, and into Englith-by Rob. Pricke, and ‘now a {e-
cond ‘time into the fame’ La ! ,
‘ it you would proceed immediately to the Practice of Per-
“¢ fpective, without engaging in the Intricacies of the Theory,
* the jefuit’s Perf{pective-will anfwer your Purpofe. Wolfius
“6 in Klement Mathe. Tome rx. Page x nted
fold‘by Thomas Sowles, Print and Map/elier ia St. Paul’s
Ciureh-Yard, and john Bowles, Print and Mapfelicr over
againit Stocks-Market, and at Mercer’s Chapel in Cheapfide.
ames Math, ‘Apprentice to Witliam Goodyer of
ciel rs in the County of Southampton, Carpenter,
about. ten Weeks fince run away, from his faid Mafter: The

of

aid Jam } : Pe
fie own dark Hair; on when he went away from his fai
Mafter, 2 Cinamon cofour’d Coat, and a light colour’d Cloth
Waftcoat, has about two Years and one Quarter to‘ferve’ of:
his. Time. If the faid James Moth will retarn to his fiid
Mafter. npon reafpnable Terms forthe Time he has.abfented
himfelf: hé fhall be Kindly received; otherwife, if any Per-
fon er Perfons employs or entertains the faid Apprentice, he
er they will be fued for the fame according -as the Law in

that Cate AOS ee HE trae French” Hungary Watet
: eee "T which has ain’d {4 great Applaufe
‘A "in the World, and which has been fold
~ many Years befcre any Counterfeits ap-
r’d, by the Importer Stephen Cham-
| bers, is, fince his leaving of Shop-keep-
M ing, continued to be fold by"Mr. John
‘@ Fowler, the Sign of the Globe, next
NSIS, ‘Sy i Door tO. Joins . Hie Honte dt ra
open eee. thin s-Ajley; I-Kxchange, Comh
eh) (SD and Mt John oward, ni t Mr. Peter
Operator for the Teeth to his’ Majefty, near Exe-
it; that it.is acknowlejged, by all true Judges
the finelt that ‘ever was nfed fa the World, , |
tely pubiifh’d (adorn’d with 46 Copper Plates, befides the
La fevics of Erafinus and Sir Thomas Mo} 2) aneat Pocket

dition | (being the ath) of } ;
. Sr Moe facomium s or, the Praife of Folly. Made
c, of St. Edmund's n. now Lord Bifio °
cerbprougt: “To which is prefix'd, a Preface, and divers Co-
pies. of Comm ry. Vetfes@o. the ‘Tranflator..”’ Price 3s.
‘4. Printed for). Wilford-in Litele-Britain..' Where may
be hadi, The two genuine additional Volunies th. the Hiftory
‘of the Grand Rebellion. Conffing of divers valuable.Pieccs
written by the E.ot Clarendon; and. now,firk collected to-
gether ; with a Preface to each Volume, ard his:Lordfhip's
fi , Cotiduct, Character and Effigies prefix’d.. Pricc 10s.
-BULAPIUM ASTHMAL ‘ECUM; or the Afthmatick. Ju-
{-lep, whichis known ymany Years perience to bea ner
oJ “ver elitig Medicine in eld obftinate Afthnia D-
eating. Fit ig puteoft ie-asMomént; if gives 2 perfect Reliet
in ftraining Jaboriotis Cotighs, that are unmercifolly trouble-
fomc Night and:Morning.;.:tis a. moft excellent Remedy for -
se tear Breath upon any Motien, and-ih Breathing with :
Difficulty, StraightneG ,of. the 'B bh H
Wheezing. Noris exceeds th sadnergble :
‘ing the, Brouchia - ek -P
twtes in the.inmoft Reeive o the Lurigs, andt ing.
wi h tough, thick, cold, elangmy itny Phiegm, fo attenuates
-dtvides, ‘moves and works it, : at’b “conghing:.and {pitting, .3¢*
-expettorates and throws typall fen Matter with: the: Breael
:Eafsand Pleafure, thereby, clednfing anil freeing: the;Sreatt .
‘and Lungs, when ftuffed up and clogged sith a heavgiLoad, and :
fo prevents Contumptions Uleers of the Lungs, &e. Ne
It is 2 fafe and pleafant Medicines to be.taken-by Spoonfuls ,
according tothe pfintéd Directions, without the leaft Confine-.
ment, or Danger of catehing Cold? To be had at: Mr. George
Strahan’sat the Golden-Ball ovcr-agamft the Royal-Exchange ,
Cornhill, and at no ether Place. Price 2%. 6a -

~~.

; 4 ~ ae
z ~t ‘.

Blemet’s, Ope
ter-Change inthe §

WE ear ttiat the Gentlemen of Ireland bavmg Been long”

eafy Method ofr refen- .
be R ‘a

, el
modities are fo 7 .
' _ Right French Hungary Water, at 1 s. 3d. the Half-Pint—

nage, by. &.Chambers, ———= ..

h.”.. Printed afd ~

nes Moth is aged: about rg Years, a well fet Fellow,

and never-fai

1 Bofiniess of vitat Panétion with trett’.

-}-difmal Train of Vapours arid Melancholy. it. bhewits ftops
and is-now in great Efttem amongk Qu
* Sold‘only at G. Strahan’s, Re

- Cornhill, ovct-aggainit the. Royal-Exehange, and at no other |.

LONDON: Printedby M4

ately publi, = *

‘# A Treatife of rehitecture, with Remarks and“ Ob-

‘Yervations by that exceilent Mtatter thereof S cbaftian LeCiare,

Knight of the Empife, Defigner and Engraver to the Cabinet
of the late French King, and Member of the Academy of Arts
and Sciences. Neceflary for young People who would apply .
themfelves to that nobie Art. Engraven In 181 Copper

Plates, by John Sturt. ‘Tranflited by Mr. Chambers, ° Prin-
ted for Wi tiam and . John Annysy at the Weft End of St.*

Paul’s, and J. Sturt.in Alderfgate-itreet.
ay: T the HUNGARY WATER WARE-
HOUSE, at the Black Boy and-Comb,
} a Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage-
i Inn ‘on Ludgate-Hill, is fold right French
Flungary Water, being the fame Sort fold
4 feveral Years f, and is eafily diftinguifhed
} from the pernicious counterfeit Sort fold a-
j bout the ‘Town, pretended to be imported
er, &e, Likewife the following foreign Co:n-

*

id at the fame Place, viz.

_——

ons iG tp

Bottle.
Fine Florence Oil, at 2s. per Flask.  -
Right Irifh Ufquebaugh, at 2s. the Half-pint Bottle.

' Fine Orange-Flower Water, at 1s 6d. per Flask.
‘Right Barbadoes- Citron Water, at 14s. per Quart.

Right French Claret at 30 s.. per Dozen.
AW Sorts of Leghorn-and Bermuda Hatts tor Ladies.
_N. Bs There is 2
prevent Cougterfeits. |
- “ANNE, Datghter of Samuel Ladd, l-
, ving at the Ship and three Daggers at
| - Doors Commons, Perter,, being about
> dead | 14 Years of Age, was blind of onc Eye,
and her other Eye being very near blind, oc
great Cold,.infomuch fhe had not Light fo guide herielf,

und being advifed to a very eminent Occulift, who after a -

confiderable Time he had her under his: Hands, we fouhd
fhe grew worle, to our great Sur} rize, fo that we had her
to diverfe other Practitioners of Eyes for Advicc, and was
informed by fome of them fhe could not be. cured; which
caufed us to defpair, and we thought the would not be
brought to Sight eg4in ; -but hearing of the many and won-
de Cures of the Eyes performed by Mrs. Cater, who ftill
lives at the Hand gnd Eye in Caftle-Court Birchin-Lane,
near Cornhill, did apply to her, who, at firft Sight of her,
told us her Eyes were curable, to our no fmall Joy and Com-
fort, and alf> did pertorm the Cure in a fhort time, to our
great SatisfaGion 3 and this I do in Juftice to the {aid Mrs.
Cater, that. thofe Perfons who are under the fame A fflicti-
on may. know where to apply for Cure, given under my
‘Wand the x2th of Ottoter, 1725. - Samuel Ladd.

: Note, She cures. without aay Inffrument ; and fhe intattibly
cures the Ague, without the leaft Grain of Cortex, or that
they cali the JefuitsBark. Price 5s. the Vial. No Letters

-received except Poft paid. .

WRIGHT’s Dieuretick, or cleanfing Tin¢ture.
Hich urtnally diftharges ail the feces or putrid relicks of
the Lues Alamode, or Venercal [ntection, and caufes
its Concomitants, the wretched Train of that complicated
nper, asa mucous, filthy, tanious Matter lodg’din the

- Diltemper, asa muct , TOU

; Rei ” or fpermatick Parts, which either caufe a tharpnefsin
‘the

- difcoverable, parti y by: !

- Debility or eaknets -@f the Back, @ fetid nanfeous, and
-averting Smell ‘of the Urine, with a purulent Matter, or
' feeuient Sordes, tefiding at the Bottom, or flying in it,-with

’ ‘Warlety of Figures: ‘Farther, this Tincture efpecially carries
off all Relicks of the Venereal Difeafe, after ill managed °
' Cures, net only cleanting the Urinary Pa

Gravel, Films, or. mem

tine, or.too freque tly provokesit. This Relick is

e fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a

es of all Sand,
$ Pellicles, &e. but after a
fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Keins, reftoring them, and
all their tal Parts to thelr original Tone and Ufe, though
the: Misfortune and Deeay be of the longeft Date, with-an e-

ual Succefé in each Sex.:: ‘To be had for.108.per Bottle, with-

ireStions for ifs Ufe, only at his Houfe, the Golden Head

and twoLamps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill.

““INCTURANERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordial.
TE Tincture for the Nerves, being an approved, experienced
ing Medicament in finking, languifhing, and
lownef of Spirits, Palpitation,, or Trembling of the Heart, in

-all paralitick, foporofé and convulfive Diftempers, and in. all

Affiiétions’ of the ‘Head and Nerves it infallibly prevents the
bad Effects of Coffee arid. 'Tea on the Nerves, which occafions
in moft. People_the above-menfloned Diforders - (with many
more; which you'll. fte-at large in the printed.Book of Directi-
ong); but yet by. taking. a tew Dropsof this moft pleafant deli-
cate Cordial, in the firlt Dith of Coffee or Tea, yori-may then
drink at Liberty:s-far this great Medicine penetrates through
the whole nervous Syftem, and fo recruits the Rrain and Pre-
cordia ‘witha full Influx of exulting Spirits, which perform the

lacrity, and new Brisk-
-nefs‘s fo that the Fatt, whieh lay: feeble and wavering, now

ro

falls a beating - v.

¥,.and with t Exaétne’ ; more-
over, it wonderflil y.difperkes Fear, Sadik, confunféz Thoughts,
and .

Twitchings of the difturbed Sleep, and all the

ufcaufiiefs, procures good Afnecite,
Ls y uality off the firft Rank.
Rookfeller; at the Golden Ballin

is a Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Flask, to.

cafioned by a -

- India Chinefe Red Liquor, none_having-
felt’: It gives a moft natural and lafting- Bluth, that no Perfon

1i8T, ind eibter-Lane.

oe  ) Ldtely pubtith’d, | en '
*,* The Hiftory of the Conqueft of Mexica by the Sp.-
MNixrds. Done into Englith from the Original Spanith of
Don Antonio de Solis, Secretary and Hiftoriographer to his
Catholick Majelty, By ‘Thomas 'Towniend, Efq; adorn'd
with Cuts, Engraved by the beft Hunds ; and the Effigies of
CORTES the 5panith General, done front an Original Painc- -
ing of Titian’s, by Mr, Vertue. Printed for T. Woodward,
at the HaltMcon, and J. Hooke, at the Flower de Luce,
both againft St.Dunitan’s Church in b'lect- treet ; and J.Pevle,
at -Locke’s Head in Pater-Noft:r-Kow. .
N. B. Fhofe Subfcribers-who have not fent.for their Books,
are defired fo fend for then before Chriftmas next, - other:
wife they will be difpofed of. _
_, Advertifement to all thofe who uft: Sheet-Eead.
I* IS agrecd by all, if we Plumbers could cuft Eéad exattty ..
equal to the thinneft Part of the Shect, it would be better .
and moredurable than to be thicker in one Piace than in ano-
ther, fo that the Excefs of Thicknefs is not ondy an‘aneceflary
Charge paid for, but it makes-the Sheet warfe, by its ftronger -
refitting the Sun-Beams, which falling alike on all Places,.
draws up the thinner Parts, when the ftronger ftaye behind,‘
and caufes that cockling ‘and crackling thereon, - and iscer- .
tainly. fo mtich worfe by what it varies from an. Equality ;
whereas if Milled Lead be but as thick as the thinneft Part
of a Caft Sheer, befides its Beanty and Smoothnefs, the -
lity and S slidity is fuffcient to prove it much better than Catt
Lead ; befides,. there are Crack-b‘ow Holes, andSand Holes |
in Cait Lead, that often h&ppen, and lie concealed with the
Sheet, net appearing on the Superficies. The generat Ufe the |
Milt'd Lead is applied to, plainly fhews its Preference to Caft’
Lead, viz, his Majefty’s Royal Navy and Yards; and Green- |
wich Hofpital; all the fif:7 new Churches thet have been.
built ‘are covered with Mill’d Lead, the Honourable Com-
miffioners not admitting a Propofal of Caft. It would be
endlefs to mention what Quantity of Mill’d Lead is. ufed-on
the Houfes of the Nobility and Gentry, as likewife on common. ~
‘Buildings, &c. Note, John Fincher, Plumber in Swallow °
Street agrinft St. James's Church by. the new Buildings, hath.
‘there an entire Lead Mill to himfelf, and fellech his Mill’a.
Lead much cheaper than othess, as any one by fending or
fpeaking withhim, or his Partner, pl ames ‘Slater Plumber, '
may be fully fatisfied. The Sizes are from four Pound to five,
fix, feven, eight or nine per Foot Square, oF any further
ThicknefS, it being caft gn Inca thick, and five Foot wide :
It is delivered any.whercabout Town fiee from Charge, haying ~

_a Cart for that Purpofé: They alfo make Mould- Water Pipes,”

after a new Method, of all Sorts, andexchange for Pi# Ls
orold Lead. nee for PR Lead,
ae AX the Dove and Golden Ball in Sslisbury-

-_. Court, Fleet-ftreec, liveth a-Gentlewoman _
we ae «that prepares the moft exccilent Cofietick or
am Beautifiers yet known, as that moft noble Pre-
_ ‘paration of Pearl, witha particular beautify-
x 8 ing Wluid, both “which fel by Ladies of the
S<qowen firtt Quality; they, .with.Surprize, take away
 erGeedtie Kednels, Pimp'es, Rotighnels,. Worms, Mor-
phew, -icurf, Sun-burn, Preckles, Wrinkles, Pits of ‘the
mall-Pox, with other Defilements of the Skin.’ Likewife
fhe prepares a fine Italian Cream tor the Face, Neck, and
Hands; which plumps and fmooths the Skin to Admiration ;
and Tower-Strzet Pots, with an Eaft-
the Secret but her-

\ 42,-
wn AS,

the Nuns White-Pots,

can diftinguifh when of the Face; and not’to be’ rubb'd off

Alfa tobe had, the red‘ Crown C2kes, White-Paite, .or Gake’
for the Face, or Hands, ‘and all other Cofincticks tormerly ris

here by Mrs. Hockle. -N. B. She has a chymical Liquor whicd
alters red or grey Hair to.a light or dark Brown. | h

STEEL Spring or jointed Truffles for the Cute of |
Kuptures, eafy to new born Infants, andeffe ~
estual to the Aged; alfo Spring Trnffes without
Stecl Circumference, of an entire new Invention, .
extraordinary eafy as well as ufeful ; alfo Bag Truf-
fes for fix’d Tumors. Petfons in the Country fen-
Ly . ding their Bigncis,’ and which Side the Rupture-is,
ae may be fiipplicd with the Treffes and proper Dire- .
ctions, By Peter Bartlert,.at the Golden-Baill in Sr. Panl’s:
Church-Yard, Cheapfide, London, who alfo‘makes divess Inftru- -
ments to help the WeakandLame: . — . Lo.
His Mother, Mrs. M. Bartlet, at the “Gotden-Ball over~-
againft St. Bride’s-Lane,. in Flecet-Street, is shilfal im this Bufi---
nefs to her own Sex. Her Stec! Spring Traffes for Ruptures at ’-
the Navel, are exceedingly light, eafy and cz .

atts | Next Week will te publifhed,, |
A. SHORT WAY AT ONCE with the Cure of the.
*:. SECRET DISEASE, and A GLEET, ‘much Eifier, -
‘ * Safer, Privatcer,. and-a deal fiorer, by Dr. sock
burn’s Chynical Lotion, without any thing taken in at tre
Mouth, than by Courfts of Phyfick. Alfo the GOUT, and |
Dentitfon in-Chijdren, This highly ufetul Book is Given
Gratis Up-One Pair cfxStairs at: the Sign of the Celebrated’

(ey

1 _ ’ be . - . - * a +. .
, \ roe a ¥ & ~ ‘ a wed
7 oO WS Pe ECKTACY AS -

"Recommended by Dr; Chamberlen: for Children's Teeth with- ”

.our Temple-Bar. Ar Mr. Jer. Pain‘s, the Fir Toythop in
“Pope's. Head-A lev from Cornhill. At Mr. Greg’s Baokfel- -

‘lér at Charing-Crofs, ' Arid’ by. R.“Bradthaw by S o-Squate.
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 20 Nov. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786218/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 