. pis Age and Experience, fo Arts and Sciences are

‘tures, and have ever been received by Men with

‘tions, ard I belicve Imay fay, that no Country in

MIST’s WEEKLY JOURNAL. ~

SATURDAY, JULY: 10, 1725. —

i ad

-

6 ose _. . ee 2 rr

pref » who in all Things affeéts Magnificenée; hag
ately made a Prefent to cach of rhe foreign Mi-
nifters of a Gold Medal, weighing fifty Ducats,
having on one. Side the Buft of the late Emperor,
With this Tufcription, Peter the great Emperor and
Sovereion of al Ruffia, born May the zoth, 16 92,pand
on the Reverfe, the Em refs fitting wich her
right Hand up, and her left Hand down, a Crown
on her Hand, wirh a Globe and Scepter lying on
a Stool by her, and before her a Sphere, Sea
Charts, Plans, all Sorts of Mathematical Inftru-
ments, with Coats of Arms, anda Mercury's Ca-
duceus.. There are three Deepings, one re+
preienting a Fortification,- rhe other a Galley at
Sea, and the third the late Emperor in the
Clouds, carried away by Eternity, pointing and
fhewing her, asit were, the Treafures chat fur-
tab her, with thefe Words,-msmemSee what I'vs
ett you. .

"Nis faid the Archbifhop of Novogrod, whom
we {poke of before to have been condemn’d to
Banifhment for hig too great Fondnefs of fome
Maney, which was none of his own, grew fo ful-
len, foon after his Sentence, that he refufed to
eat, fo that he has ftarv’d himfelf t@ Death.

The Ruffian and Swedifh Squadrons of Men
of War, lately equipp’d upon fome fecret Expe-
dition (as it was fuppofed) are not yet join’d;
and, we,are inform’d, that thefe Prevarations
do not in the leaft frighten the Danes, who make
no Difpofitions to oppofe them.

4
BPagemS the Defign of the following Letter {comrhon in Attempts of this Nature) the nearer
PE is to recommend an Invention} you view it, the more it refembles the very Grain
Be eit which muft turn to the Service of|of Stone. . , )
Weereueersste) the Publick, I fhall make no other; ‘This Art has certainly many Advantages over
Matec! Apology for inferting it, therefore] Marble, in Point of Beauty, being not fubje& to
: I prefent it to my Readers without |the Cracks, Flaws, and many Irregularities, al-
any Alteration, juftasit came to me. moft in every Marble Stone; befides the many
Kinds ufed in compleating any confiderable Place,
it being too difficult, or at leaft, too expenfive to
find a fufficient Quantity of any one Kind of rich
Marble for a large Building ; but by this Inven-
tion all thefe Difficulties are removed, and ir
very handfomely fupplies the Defc&s and great
dixpence in marble Buildings, and is not fubject
to the Chill, Colds, and Damps, which render a
marble Hall almoft ufelefs, at leaft dangerous
and unwholefome. And (if what the Artifts fuy
be true) that iris not fubje& to Stains, nor any
Accident but what fhall praceed from Violence,
and will preferve its Beauty for a hundred Years,
being only cleaned with a wet Cloath, ic mutt
prove an extraordinary Invention, and a very
ufeful Ornament ; the Uniformity obferved in the
Difpofition of the Veins, and brisknefs of the Co-
lour being exceedingly more beautiful than can
ealfily be met with in any Srone. |

They have likewife imitated Porphery and La-
pis Lazuli, which latter is a fine blue Stone with
Gold Veins, and che Csiours in theft being not
fo compounded and complicare as in Marble, they
fcem to have imitaced them to a greater Perfeati-
on than the Marbie, where ia forme Places they
have exceeded Naturc, asin black Pillars with
Gold Veins, which tho’ unvatural, looks sever-
thelefs very grand and rich.

Moft of your Town Readers, no dovbr, have
feen this Room, and therefore they better know
than 1 can-exprefs, the Beaury of this Invention,
which has already got the Applaufe and Appro-
bation of rhe moft Curious, and thofe who have
the niceft Tatte in Building: As for my own
Part, Iam fo great a Lover of new Arts, that I
am glad it meets with fo good Encouragement ;
and indeed, it would be a Pity an Art fo likely
to fpread over Europe, as the greatc{t Ornament
of Building, fhould die for want of it.

This Tovention will add great Magnificence
and Luftre to Halls, State-Rooms, Galleries,
Churches, Alrar-Pieces, Monuments, &c. Nor
would any Thing look neater, more clean, or
beautiful, than Rooms, Summer-Houles or Bag-
nio’s adurn’d with this Art, being as much chea-
per and fooner finifhed than Marble, as Wood
is cafier wrought and manag’d than Srone can be.

I was, indeed, fo pleafed with the Sight of ir,
thae I could nor forbear writing to yon of it,
and doubt not the Affiftance of your Paper, which
is always ready to, publifh to Mankind whar you
meet with, that may be ufctul to them; efpe-
cially a Matter which I dare recommend as one
of the greateft Curiofities this Age has produced,
and an Art which feems already to be brought
to Perfe&tion : You have always fhewn your felf
fo great a Lover of Ingenuity, that if a bad De-.
{cription of a goud Art may not prevent it, you
will be fo good to infert this, and ablige,

Sir, your moft humble Servant,
PHILO-ARS.

HE Growths of Arts and Sciences was cer-
_tainly an Argument well urged againft thofe
Philofophers who -maintain’d the World to be e-
ternal ; for as Knowledge in Man is the Effeét of

the Produ& of Time, and have a lcifure Progrefs
asthe World ripens in Age, every Century pro-
ducing fome New Art, or at leaft fome confide-
rable Improvement in the O/d Ones.

The Invention of Arts and Sciences is attributed
in Scripture to the particular Infpiration of God,
as the firft Manufactures of Brafs and Iron, the
cunning Work (as it is phrafed) which adorned
the Ark; and the many Buildings, for which God
was pleafed ro give the immediate Direttion, as
Noah's Ark, and that of the I/raelites ; and the in-
{pired Builders of the Temple of Ferufalem is a-
nother remarkable Inftance.

So that Arts and Sciences are no doubt the
Gifts and Bleflings of the Almighty to his Crea-|

articular Marks of Veneration and SatisfaGtion ;
no confiderabie Art having been ever found out,
tut refle&ed great Honour on the Country or
Wation whereim it was firft difcover’d, and the
Artifts always efteem’d in Proportion to the Ule
or Convenience it afforded to Mankind.
This has made Princes ar all Times care‘)
ard {olicitous to encourage new and ufeful Inven-

burgh, as well as from Rotterdam and Amffer=
dam, that great Remittances of Money-ftill cons
tinue to be made to thofe Places from England,
which has turn’d the Courfe of Exchange to their
Advantage. |

The Spaniards feem refolved to fupport their
own Trade at alf Events to the Cof of all Fo-
reigners in the South-Sea and on the Coaft of
New Spain ; for they write from Cartdgena, that
the two Men of War that larely failed from Ca-
diz, called the Onetto and Brandon, have been
cruizing along that Side and Porto Bello, and
brought in thre¢ Dutch Ships, viz. the Triton,

the World has had greater Snccefs than England,
both in Invention and Improvement of Arts, and
whofe Princes have generally both encouraged
and promoted them ; and certainly allowing’ Pa-
tents tv fuch Perfons who fhall difcover or pro-
je@ any afeful Matter for the Publick, have bad
very good Eife&, and is a great Inducement fo in-
genious Minds, to make new Diicoveries, who by
this Means ‘have the Benefir of their Performance
fecured to them ; and indeed it is both juft and
reafonable that thufe who make the firft Difoove-
“ry fliou’d reap che firft Advantage. _
What lead me inta this, was an Advertifement
I have met in moft of the Papers relating to a Pa-
tent obtained for the imitating of Marble and o-
ther rich Stones, and that a Room was finifhed at
Sraven Houle in Wych-Street, as a Specimen of the
Arce; this I had the Curiofitry to go and fee, and
“muft ows, it gave me great Surprize, and may be
‘faid to be an Art as beautiful as it is new and
curious.
. This Room (which, they fay, is done on com-
“mon Wainfcot) compleatly anfwers what is pro-
fed by this Art, viz. the Imitation of Marble,
aving all the various Complication of Colours,
‘the eafy flow of innumerable Veins, and bears an
exguifite Luftre and Polifh : As the Artifts may
¢ehufe their Colours, and command the Difpofition
of their Veins, (which they do very furprizing-
ly) te is no Wonder this Invention makes it more [
“beautiful than Nature ; nor can any Stone be
made more fmooth, even, and fhining than the
Surface of thefe Pannels ; and (which is very un-

the fame Nation funk in the Engagement. “Tis
faid, thefe three Ships had on board 100,000 hard
Dollars of Plate, and the Ship that was loft was
much richer, having Ingots and Pieces of Eighr,
to the Value of 500,000. They left this Booty at
Cartagena, and fail’d again in queft of 7 or 8 o-
ther Dutch Ships trading in the Waters of Barru
and Baftimentos: The Viceroy’ of Peru at the
fame time has been as vigilant at Land in {up-
preffing this clandeftine Traffick, for he has pub-
lifhed new Prohibitions againft iton Pain of Death
and Confifeation of Eftares and Effetts, along the
whole Coaft of Peru, both on the Nortl and
South Sea, on the latter he has caufed all the
Habitations to be demolifhed, and fent the Inha-
bitants with all their Cattle and Effe&s forty

Leagues up into the Country. _ |

The Knights of Malta lave been lately put in«

toa Fright by fome Overtures made at Conftan-

tinople to the Grand Seignior, by oné William

Pulman, a true Eneglifh Proteftant, b it:
old Calamy’s Regiment of Saints, 3
wards turn’d Roman Carholick, till
with his Confeffor, he chang’d that R

FOREIGN AFFAIRS.
the Jewish, but finding the Mahomerag’

They write from Petersburgh, that the Em-

We are advi@@d; by ourlai: Keéors froni-Hainke.,<

aw

the Dragon, and the Sarah Galley. A 4th of
 wr

hie -Purpofe, is now a profefs'd Turk
Years of Age. He has engag’d himfelf with five
Sultana’s; to take; burn ce tink all the Malteze
Men of War, and ‘tis believ’d, he is by this Time
put to Sea for the fame Purpofe ; bur as the Grand
Mafter has had cimely Notice of his Defign, ’tis
~ to be hoped this good Proteftant Proje& will
prove abortive. ne a
The Lofs of the Dutch on the Coadfts of New
Spain, which they ‘take all the Pains in the
World to conceal, appears to have been very
_ Confiderable indeed. Since thofe already men-
tion’d the Ship Neptune of 500 Tuns and 34 Guns,
after a defperdte Fight, wherein the Captain and
14 Men were killed, was-taken by the Spaniards.
She fail’d a Year ago from Amfterdam, and her
Cargo’ is faid to have coft 300,0co Dollars: The
Spaniards defign to fit her up fer a Man of War.
The Katherine of 22 Guns, and another rich
Ship belonging to Amfterdam, were taken by the
General of the Galleons. This has been fo me-
lancholy a Piece of News to the Hollanders, thar
they have not thought fit to permit it to be prin-
ted'in their own News Papers.

Dublin, uly 2. —-Dalton, Efq, fometime Coun-
cil to the late Queen's Bounty, tucceeds the Lord
Chief Baron lately gone to England in that Office
there. ——The Lord Lieut. lias given ftri& Orders
for all Officcrs and Soldiers to repair to their Du-
ty, andnot to abfent themfelves therefrom on any
Pretence whatfoever, without {pecial Licence un-
‘der his Lordfhip’s Hand. Sir John Shain is dead.

Edinburgh, guly1. Since my laft I have in-
form’d my felf more particularly concerning the
Turmult that happen’d at Glafgow. When the
new Malr-A& took Place, the Officers, purfuant
thereto, went to take an Account of Stock in
Hand; but as they had declar’d they would noe
pay one Bawby of the Tax, the faid Officers de-
fired the Affiftance of fome Forces; whereupon
two Companies of Delorain’s Reziment was or-
der’d into the Town. Onthe 23d the Mob be-
gan to affemble, which encreated the next Day
to agreat Number, when the commanding Off-

dnd 73

cer fent and defir’d the Magiftrates of the Town

to give him Orders w fupprefs them; but their
Anfwer was, That they did not think it convenient to
make ufe of his Affiffance. ‘The Populace ftill en-
creafing, they fell upon Mr. Campbell of Shaw-
field’s Houfe, and entirely demolifh’d it, after ha-~
ving taken every thing within Side, and drank
and deftroy’d all the Liquors in his Cellar.” Af-
ter this they were fo bold as to attack the Guard,
before the Goard-Houfe, with Stones, ina vio-
Jent Manner, notwithftanding all the Encreanes
of rhe Officers to be peaceable. Then the Soldier's
Aired Powder, but ir avail’d nothing; fo they
were oblig’d te retire to the Guard-Room, and
there they al] loaded in goed earneft, difcharged
thro’ the Door feveral Shor, arid then fallied out,
keeping a corftant Fire in Platoons, till fome of
them Fropp'd, and the Streets were clear’d of
the reft. However, in a little Time they return,
and got toa great Head again with Arms from
' the Talbooth, which they had broke open; up-
on which, the Soldiers, as "tis faid, by the Ad-
vice of the Magiftrates, retrcated cut of Town

in very pood Order, thro’ the Tron Gate, ‘eut of! do the fame holy Office in this City and Neigh-

‘the Weft Port towards Dumbarton, but were
followed by a Body of 300 Rioters, with Arms,
for fix Miles, who then return’d, having fent two
Men on Horfeback to Dumbartoy, threatening ‘to
burn the Town if they admitted the faid Compa-
nies.into-it ; whereupon thé Magiftrates, in great
Terror, came out and befought the Officer not
to enter, which he acquiefced in, and fo took to
the Caftle dire&ily; . There were ten of the Ri-

erers kill’d, and abou’ twelve wounded- Two}

was, No Mult Tax.

of ‘Town thro’ the Gates of this City. -—-Yetterday

‘Foot of the Middle Ifle fell in, by which che

~~

of the Soldiers beitig bruifed with Stones, fellin-| chefs of Grafton arrived Ja@ Week at Putton,
to the Hands of the Mob, and four others are; his Grace's Seat near this Place ; fince when the -
yet miffing. They keep the Alarm Bells ring-| Lord Augultus was taken ill of the Small-Pox,
ing, and Drums beating, for the Magiftcates have | which gave grcat Uneafinefs to the Family, her
quitted the Town, and lefe rhe Mob Poffeffion,}] Grace not having had them.
who have plac’d a Guard to keep out the Forces} Bath, uly 7. On Monday Sir Arthur Kay and’s
General Wade has’ order’d thithey: The Cry} Lady fet out hence for Windfor ; as did the Hon.
The Guards of this City,|Mr. Manfel and his Lady, for Margam in Gla-
[Edinburgh] are doubled, for fear of the like} morganfhire, the Seat of the Lord Manéel.

Doings here. oO . Salisbury, Zuly 7. The Officers of the Troops

Glafgow, ily 2. After the Mob were a little‘ lying here, were entertain’d t’other Day act my
quiet, Deputies were fent to General Wade to ufe| Lord Bifhop’s Palace. If the Weather proves.
his Intereft in Favour of this Town; but he would | good, we expecta very full Affizes, anda great’
not hear what they had to fay, till che Return of | Appearance of the Gentry. . ,
an Exprefs to London. There were 27 Perfons| Oxford, ¢uly7. A Shepherd and fome Sheep
of the Town wounded, 11 are dead, and $ others| were kill’d near this City on Friday Nighr, by
are not expetted to live. | mo the Lightning.

| Newcaftle, July 5. We have Letters from Scot-| Guilford, Fuly8, On 'Tucfday the Lord Bithop
land (how true I can’t fay) that the Mob is up in; of Winchetter held his primary Vifitation here, as
Mamilton, and have deftroy’d Mr. Camipbell’s fine | he did at Kingfton the 28ch pat; at both Places
Country Seat call’d Woodhall, whereto he retir’d | his Lordfhip gave. handfome T'reat to his Cler Yo
with his Family from Glafgow. Richmond, in Surry, ¥#ly 3. This Morning his

York, Fuly 5. We have had here fuch prodigi- | Grace of Argyle,witha Retinue of 15 faddle Har
ous Rains, that the Jike has nut been known in} fes, and Coaches with fix, pafs’d this Ferry, in his
the Memory of Man, infomuch that the People; Way from his Seat at Sudbrook, near this Place,
have been forc’d to go in Ferry-Boats to get out} to another of his Grace’s Seats at Atrerbury in’
Oxfordfhire; from whence, after a fhort Stay,
tis faid, he will proceed for Scotland. The
Lady Anne Lumicy and her Sifter, ferrying over
the Thames with a Coach and a Pair, one of the
Horfes, beirig unlucky, fell upon the other, and
beat him overboard, and follow’d after; bur the
Ladies were timely taken our, and the Horfes
reaching Ground, no Damage was done.

Letters from divers other Parts bring little ma—. ©
terial. —— The Bifhops of Ely and Chefter are on
their Vifitations. The Bifhop of Bangoris arriv’d ~
at Bangor ; the Bifhop of Winchefter at Farnham
Caftle, and the Bifhop of London ar Fulham. The
Duke and Dutchefs of Bolton arriv’d at their Seat
at Hackwood in Hampfhire, the Earl of Effex at
Cafhiobury, Hertfordfhire, and the Lord Harcourt
at his Seat at Cockthorp, Oxfordthire.

Other Letters from Scotland coming too late, we foal¥
give the Subftance of them to the Publick by the Daily -
Journal of this Day. |

LONDON, Faly to. .

Honours and Promotions. On Monday Dr. Peters
and Dr. Stevens were eleéted into the Travelling
Fellowships, on the. Foundation of the late Dr.
Ratcliff, for the improving of the Medicinal Art:
They fucceed Dr. Broxholm and Dr. Winkle,
and are to travel 5 Years in this Country, and 5 _
met with a Briftol Ship in his Voyage ; the Cap-] abroad, each being allow'd a Salary of 3001. per
rain of which inform’d him, that Sprig’s Ship,? Ann. —- The Hon Mr. Weft, Lord Chan-
the notorious Pyrate, was taken in the Bay of{cellor of Ireland, rechofen Member of Parlia-
Honduras, by a Spanifh Man of War; and that} ment for Bodmin in Cornwall. He fat out on
Sprig himfelf was \cilled in the AGion: He adds, | 'Thurfday for Ircland, wi:h a Retinue of 6 Coaches:
that feveral Briftol Ships were alfo taken by the! and 6, and 100 Horfemen. :
faid Spanifh Man of War. Cafualties, Mr. Smith in the Old-Baily, being-

Norwich, July 3. Several Horfe-ftealers are late-j diforder’d in his Senfes, was lock’d up in hisoww
ly committed ‘to the Caftle here. As is alfo one Houfe ; bur on Sunday Morning he found Means:
Elfing, for robbing the Houfe of Madam Norman, | to break out and ftraggle up to a Pond in Hidev
torether with one Shardclow, not yet taken. Park, intro which he threw himfelf, and was drown: .
The Right Rev. our Bifhop, has fpent above a| ed. A Journeyman Shoemaker going into a
Fortnight in vifiting and confirming the diftant | Pond near Gray’s-Inn-Lane, to wath himfelf, was
Parfs of his Diocefs, and he is return’d hither to} drowned accidentally on the fame Day ;—~as was
onthe fame Day and Manner another Man, near
bourhood. the Neat-Houfes, in the Thames. n ald

Thetford, Zuly 2. Laft Week a Horfe was ftopp’d | Basket-Man of Hungerford-Marker, kill’d him-
on Sufpicion of being ftole at Harling, near this | {elf by drinking an exceffive Quantity of Gin.—
Place ; the Perfon in whofe Cuftody it was found, | A poor labouring Man, who had a Wife and fe-
pretended to fetch a Voucher for the Horfe, bur{veral Children to maintain, ftabp'd himfelf in
did not return. The fecond Night after, the ; Golden-Lane. - Mr. Morris, who kept the
Pérfon that ftopp’d the Horfe had his Barn fer on} Bull in Leadenha; l-Sercer, recciving a Letter of
Fire at both Ends, which’ was 135° Foot long, this Wife’s Death in the Country, fhot himfelf
and foon burnt to the-Ground. Wednefday Morning, and dy’d immediately.——
&t. Edmond’ Dury, Jun t. ‘The Duke and Duti: Mr. Cook; a rich desatherfeller on ‘Snow-Hill, #

a Boy was drowned in the River Fofs.---Laft Week
arrived Dr. Blackbourn, our new Archbifhop, at
his Seat at Bifhopthorp, near this City ; he has
not yet made his publick Appearance at our Ca-
thedral, as was expected, occafion’d, as ‘tis faid,
by fome Difference betwixt him and our Dean,
Cranbrook, in Kent, #uly 2. This Day about Ten
in the Morning, fome Perfons happend to be dig-
ging ina Vault of our Church, etther to make
farther Room in fume Family Burial Place, or to
take up fome Coffins that were to be placed in
Order of Senioriry ; when two Sgones, upon which
one of the main Pillars refted, gave way, and the
Pillar crack’d. A Sure was prefently applied ;
but before that could be well finifh’d, another
Pillar crack’d ; upon which the Workmen thought
proper to retire: And {von after, thirty or forty.

Pews were all crufh'd to Pieces. It happen’d
about a Quarter of an Hour before the ufual ‘Time
of Prayers, and no Perfon received any Hurt,
which, however, muft be accounted a great Mer-
cy. “is thought two thoufand Pounds will not
be fufficient to repair the Damage.

Deal, ¥uly 5. This Day came in the Mary and
Elizabeth, Captain Wincole, from Bofton, who

5 ee FT a arte nan ae a a ae rE Cat a a ad

 fohber good Man to all Appearance, threw him-
{cif out of his Garrét Window, and dy’d on the
Spot. A Boat over-fer below Woolwich, . and
a Glazier, living at Ratcliff, was drown’d.——-A
Boy run over and kill’d in Jockey’s Fields, by a
‘Gentleman’s Coach. sy ae

- The Reiolution, Capt. Riehardfon, bound fron
the Canaries to Hamburgh, was lately loft going
into Hamburgh, and the Captain, together with
his Wife, drown'’d. |

%o Morrow there wilt be a Sermon preached in the
Morning at the Ward Church of St. Michael Baffifoaw,
by the Reverend Mr. Rowden, Letturer of St. Peter-Le-
Foor, in Broad-Street, for the Benefit of the Charity
Childven belonging unto the United Parifbes of St. O-
Jave-Yewry, and St. Martin's Ironmonger-Lane,

To Morrow alfo there wil be two Charity Sermons
preached at the Chapel in the Savoy, in the Mor-
ning by the Reverend Mr. Thorold, Rettor of St. Mar-
tin’s-Ludgate , in the Afternoon by the Reverend Mr.
Riddle, Ledturer of St. Giles’s in the Fields, for the
Benefit of the Charity Children of the Parifh of St. Ma-
ry Le Sivand, and the Precintt of the S.rvoy.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

" This Day is publifhed, N° AXXVIITI, of |

*.* The HIS: OAICAL REGISTER, containing an
impartial Relation of all Tranfactions, Foreign ond Dome-
ftick. With a Chronological Diary o: all the remarkable Oc-
currences, viz, Births, iarriages, Deaths, Removals, Promo-
tions, &c. that have nappen'd in this Quarter of the Year.
Being the fecortd for the Year 5725. Tobe continued every
Quarter, Printed and fold:by C. Meere in the Cld Baily,
Where compleat Setts and fingle Pa:ts may be had. Price
zs. each Regifter, and are \ixewile fold by molt Bookfel-
lers. Alfo jut publiihed, The HISTORICAL t-E-
GISER, containing an impartial Relztion of all Tranfacti-
ors,. both Civil and Military, Domeftick and Foreign : To-
gether with a Chronological Diary of the Births, M :rriages,
Leaths, Remov Promotions, &c. that happefitdfrom the

laft of July 1+ wp, vote rft of January 317165 being the fir
17 Months of the Reign of king George: Intended asan Ad-

dition to the-38 Regiiteis already pub:ithed.
This Day is. pubiifind

*,* A Lady's Anfwer to Mr. .imbrofe Phillips's Poem to

the Honourable Mifs Carteret.
Three blue Beans in a blue Bladder,
; Rattle Bladder, rattle Bladder.
Printed at Dublin, and Reprinted at London, for T. War-
ner in Pate:-Nofter-Row. Price Four Pence.

To be fold ; ,

N Efftate of 525 1. a Year, ar Much-Hadham, in Hert-
A fordihire. Enquire of Mr. Appleby at his Chambers in
incoln’s-Inn .

Hereason Monday the 24th of June laft, a Silver Watch,
Ww (Delander’s Make) was dropv d out of a Gentleman's
Pccket, fomewhere on the great Road betwixt Northileet
Bridge and Dartford, with to Seals hanging toit, the one a
fquare Cornelian, the otbcrja Coronet on Steel. Any Perfon

who will bring the faid Watch and Seals to the Printer of

this Paper, thall have three Guineas Reward. N.-B. That
the Sum offer’d is confiderably above the real Value of the.
"Phings, or what they ever can te fold for.

Hereas in Mift’s Weekly Journal, on Saturday the oor
V of February 1725, a5 a'fv in other papers of the fame
date, andfince, isadvertis’da powder latcly imported, which
in every refpect iullv anfwers the ufé of Coffee, and there be-
ing a larger demand than was expected, ftveral perlons went
Without 3 care will be taken for the future to prevent the
like, a large parcel being ju(t arrived exceeding fine and good,
which may be tafted at the firft houfe on the lett hand in Bell-
Savage-Yard on Ludgate Hill up one pair of Scairs, where
any Quantity may be had at as. 6d. per pound. N. 5. No lefs
than one pound is fold; it will anfwer without mixture of
Coffee, and hath been munch approved on fince the Adver-
tifement.

Lest the 2d of July, from Holborn-Row in Lincoln‘s-
Inn-Fields, a little Spanjel Bitch Puppey, with two Li-
ver-colour'd Spots on his right Side, with long. Liver-calour'd
Ears, the greateft Part of his Body quite white: Whoever
‘brings him. to Mr. Malthus’s in Holborn-Row, in Lincoln’s-
Inn-Fields, thall have two Guineas. Reward, and no Que-
ftions ask’d. ,

W Heres James Rumly, Servant of Thomas Huntfon,
, went away the 11th et April laft, aged 17 Years, about
five Foot high, long Vifage, with Freckles in his Face, long
Chin, red hair'd, if not alterd, his teft Coat of a light brown,
afid another ald Coat that is eak’d with oth-r colour'd Cloath,
a Pair of Buck-Skin Breeches, with horn Buttons covered
aver with Plate; he. pretends to be a Quaker. If he will re-
turn to his faid Mafter, he {fhali be very kindly received ; if
aot, any Perfon that will bring him forth coming, fhall re-
ceive ros. Reward. If found, bring him to_his faid Mafter
ae Lynn, Collar-Maker; or to John Metcalf in Old-Street,
Foop-Alley, London, they shall have the Reward. If any
- Dean employs him, let i¢ be to their Posal.

.

*. . wt ey : 1. a ff oe, "4
THE New Inn ‘at Sherborn in Dorfetfhire
.- at Michaelmas next. Enquire of Mr. F
Attorncy at ,Law, living in Sherborn. -
OX Monday the r2th of this Inftant, a Mare will be
bowl'd for at Mr. john Cook's, at the Red-Lyon in
Orchard-Strect, near Windmill-Street, the Back-fide of Ru-
ert-Street, St. James's Weftminfter ; three Bowls for Six-
ence, to begin at Seven in the Morning, and end at 10 at

Night. They that bring moft at three sowls to have the
are.

Lately publifhed the ad Edition, corrected with large
dicions

*,* A VIEW of LONDON and WESTMINSER ; oF,
the TOWN-SPY ; Containing, amongft. naany ethers dl-
verting Matters, new Votes and Schemes of the Lrtfh Society
of Fortunc-Hunters. Of the Lawyers of St. Clement's and
St. Dunftan’s, the kept Miftrefles at St. Andrew's, the High
and Low-Church Mobs at St. Brides, the Blackfryers Prin-
ters, and the Ludgate-hill Mcicers. An Account of Jonathan
Wilde’s Funeral Proceffion, and of a furprizing Specitick for
the Cure of felonious, fraudulent and corrupt Habi.s, being an
Handkerchief dipt in his Blood, highly neceff ry tobe ufed at
this timein great Britain. A Character of a Cicy Church-war-
den, the Cuitoms of the Citizens on the Sabbath-Day; the
Pride, Intrigues and Degeneracy of the City Wives; of the
Band of Petticoat Penfioners begetting young Merchants and
Shopkeepers ; alfo of the adventures of N--rt--n and Rod--ig :;
two famous Stalions, &c. Sold by T. Warner, at the Black
Boy in Pater Nofer Row, and by the Rookfllers ‘of Lon-}-
don and Weftminfter. Price one Shilling.

This Day is publifh’d,

*1* PROPOSALS for printing by Subfeription, a Tran-
flation of Monfieur Rapin Thoyra's General Hiftory of
England, which, after a fhort Introduétion, explaining the
Manners, Cuftoms, Ufages, Government, and the Religion
of the Anticnt Britons, commences with the Invafion of Ju-
lius Ceefar, and concludes with the Revolution. A. further
Account of this ufeful and judicious Performance, is .con-
tain’d in the Plan or Scheme. Printed with the Propofals,
which may be hid of W. Mears at the Lamb, F. Clay at
the Bible, and D. Brown, Jun. at the Black Swan, all with-
out Temple-Bar,; J. Woodman in Ruffel-Streer, Covent-

Garden, and J. Groenewegen, and A. Vanderhoeck, near
Excter-Change in the Strand.

Juft pubdlith'd, the éth Edition of

*}* I. ESSAYS upon feveral Moral Subjeéts.
Parts. Upon Pride Duelling, General Kin
nefs of Human Resfon ; on Muck,
Spleen, Eageracfs of efire,
Taought,

Oétcr Atton of Chefterfield.in Derbythire, hig ROTA
CORDIAL ‘TINCTURE for the Chouck, tru’y prow.
pired by a Relatiou of his, the Vertues of which hath been
ormerly mentioned by a. Letter inthis Paper;it beingthe moit
fovereign Medicine and effectual Cure for the Cholick, heaii 4
t.e Bowels, creating Appetite, afd reftoring Hedithy p:c-
venting the Gontin the Stomach. Sold only at Mr, ). urjria-
ftead's, a Toyfhop, at thé Biack Swan; in Sz. Paul's Church-
Yard; at Mr. Garway’s old Shop st the South Entrance of
the Royal Exchange ; at Mr. Cooper's, a Toyihop, che Cor
ner of Charles-Street in the Strand, and at the ureed. lamp
in Swallow-Street, Piccadiliy, feai'd w.th three Flower de
Luces, at 33. 6d. each Rottle. And at the fame -Plac:s,
with the fame Seal, is fo.d the Doétor’s fumous Styptick, jut
publifhed, with which he preferve:| Numbers from fa..ing use
der the Surgeons Hands, it being a fate and abfolute Cure
for ail Cuts, Scratches, or Tairs inthe Flefh, never fufforin..
any Wound that it was dreft with, ever to fefter, or leavin
any Scar or Seam behind it, with Directions how to uf@ ir,
and its Perfettion more at iarge, Price one-Shilling:

TH: Long, Satefman, Remov'd frvn |
under Aldgate Church-Sch o:, ius
Corner of Houndtiitch; by Aligate, to |
his Warehoufe, the Lyon aia Lamb,
the Corner of vine-Streer, @ of 19 io0!3
down the Minories, the Right Eland

oing from Aldgate. You may have ait:
¢ Sorts of Cloaths ready made fer Men and

$m, Boys, tidirig-Hoods; Hoop-Petricouts;
= ==4, Sezer Riding-Habits, Cloaths, Shalloons, Drug-
gets, Fuftians, Sagathics, Duroys ant Cambleis, by Yard or
Picee, Whoicfale or Retail, the loweft rice in few Words.
N. B. L buy all my Goods with ready Money, and will fll
them for a {mall Proft..

Leétuarium Mitrabile: Or,.the Admirable Eleduary,
F which intallibly cures all. Degrees and Symptoms of the
fecret Difeafe, with meré Eafe, «peed and Safety, than any
Medicine yct publifhed; any old Kunning, &c. thongh of"
feveral Years fcanding, whether occafoned by an over-ftraint
Weaknets of the Seminal, or the Relicts of a former Infecti-
on, is certainly curd in a fhort Time, "without a Minute’s
Confinement, Sxfvicion, or the Ufe of Aftringents; being a
Medicine {> wonderfally plealant and eafy in its Operation,
that the niceft Palate, or weakelt Conftitution, may take it
; with Delight: Two Pots are generally fuficient to complede. -
In Three !4 Cure inmoft Cafes, To be had enly of the Author Dr. Cam,
nefs, the Weak-jq Graduate Phyfician, who h5 publifhed it 20 Years, and it
the Value of Life, the conftantly to be advis'd with at his Houfe at the Golden-Balt.
; Friendthip, Populuity; aland Limp, in Bow-Churen-Yard in Cheapfides at halfa Guidea
My the Entertainment ot dks En Y, agin ithe Pot, _ |

vetoutacfs, Li y; lige, Piecture, of ai EAL DISEASY!
Pain, ed cevenges Authors, Power, Riches’ and Poverty. oy pean th AA ioe Pao S, has fo great Succefe in’
By Joreoy Coen kennchs, Gaming, Solitule, Difcontent. the Cure of the Vencreal Difeafe, that not one of the.
iL, A More and caty Method with the Deifts; wherein the {grent Numbers that daily take it mil of & porte’ ane 3 and
Trath of the Chrifti Religion is demonitrited ly inte. | though fo very cheap as 2s. 6d. each, yct four Bolufles never:
1h of the Chuftian Religion is demonftrated by infallible fail ‘. toot cut and carry off the mot malignant, virulent;

Proof from four Rules, which are incompatible to any Jmpo- . A }
ftnre that ever vet h no ae ‘+. (and obftinate kind of the venereal Difeafe; withont Confine-

added, a fecond Part to the Jews. . ‘ raters:
Rite PESIDERIUS; pe Jeno Original Pilgrims ; fhewing ve 0» the Money is returned. oe yt eae heave aa apxewife
the moft co: di ive ; 'e of ~fcroys Mercury, anu carries and thereby

Feet RS MLLY CO atnive at the Love of God. By reliones thofe unfortunate Perfons who have fallen into bad

“Ait th towel, A. M. S » | H in f Cc Is to be had only at the Flami
three printed for G. Strahan at the Golde ‘ep. | Har.ds informer Cures, ts to Y tte (nee
ae at the Golden Ball over Sword the corner of Ruffel-Street, over againfe Will's Coffee

againgt the Royal Exchange in Cornhill. eye é
; . . oot cs rE - . a -
This Day is publifhed, beautifully printed on a fine Paper in itoute, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Place is Coun

8vo. with the Eifigies of the QUEEN of SCOTS, curionfly

engrav'd from an Origi 1 Picture by Mr. VERTUR a

*," The HISTCRY of the LIFF, and 2 EIGN af MA-| Seem
RY QUEEN of SCOTS and DOWAGER of FRANCE ;| Rae
collected from Original Recards and Writers of Credit.
Printed for James Woodman and David {yon in Ruffel-ttreet
Covent-Garden, and C. Davis in Hatton Garden, Price <s,
N. B. There isa fmall Number printed on Royal Paper for
the Curious,

Jut publifhed, (with his true: Effigies prefix'd, anda Copy
of the Paper defign'd to be delivered at the Place of Exe-

_is to be Lett
rancis Fifher,

—-

ohn Rydings, liying at the Plough
ne? J ichonke in se a :
Long afflicted with fore. Eyes, which pro-
ate ceeded from an extraordinary Cold, fo thar
I was in Danger of lofing my Sight while.I lived in thts
Warld, had T not been advifed to apnly my felf to Mrs. Ca«
ter at the Hand and Fye in Caftle-Conrt ja Rirchin-Lane,
who under God, hath made a perfect Cure in as fhort a time
as could he expected, to’ the Surprize of all that knew mes
and this I defiré may be publifhed for the Benefit of thofe
cution, added) the fecond Edition, of that may havethe Misfortunc to want the Alfiftance of fo ex+
*,.* The Life of Jonathan Wild, from his Birth to his! perienced a Perfon. Given under my Hand the rsth of June
Death; containing his Rife and Progref§ in Roguery, his!1725- . ____ John Rydings. -
firft Acquaintance with Thieves, by what Arts he made him-! Note, She cures without any Inftrument 3 and fhe intallibly
fit their Head or Govemor, his Difcipline over them, his ‘cures the Ague, without the ‘caft Grain of Cortex, orf that
oliey anc

Clafles of Thieves under his Command, in whic all his In- {received except Poft paid.

trigues, Plots and Artifices are accounted for and tzid open, | ASTHMATICUM; orthe Afthmatick fuz
Intermix'd ith feveral diverting Stories. By H. D. late Cle: k { Jiep, wnicnis kriown by many ¥ ears ee anthmatick Jue
to J uftice R--- Printed for ‘T’. Warner at the Black-Uoy in| J yer failing Medicine in old obftinate Afthma’'s, whofe fuffo-
Pater-Nofter-Row. Price one Shilling. . cating Fit it putso¥ ina moment ; it gives 4 perieét Relief’
* This Day is publith"dthe 3d Fdition of, lin ftraining laborious Coughs that are unmercifully. trotble-
x" A. General Hittory of the PYRATES, from theif firft ‘time night and morning; ‘tis a, moft excellent Remedy for
Settlement in the Iflund of Providence to the pretent Time : | Mhovtnele of Breath upon any motion, and in Breathing wi
With the remarkable Actions and Adventures of ‘the two | Difficulty, ftraightnefS of the Breaft, with hoarfenefs vit
Female Pyrates, Mary ead, and Anne onny, contained | wheefing. Nothin exceeds this admirable Jalen, for h opens *
in Chapters, treating of the following Castains and their ing the bronchial Ducts and pneumonick Paffages, i pene
Crews, viz. Avery, Martel, ‘Teach, alics Black-beard, Bon- |tratesin the inmoft Recefles of the Lungs, and there meeting
net, England, Vane, ‘.ackum, Davis, Roberts, Anftis, Wor- | with tongh, thick, cold, c'ammy, flimy Phlegm, fo agtenuates,.
ley, Lowther, Low, Evans, Phillips, Sprig, a:id Smith, alias | divides, moves and worksit, that by coughing and fpitting it
Gow, who was executed lately at Execution Dock, Printed | ex pectorates and throws up ail {ich matter with the great
for T. Wamerat the Black-boy in Pater-NofterRow. Pr. 5s. | Fafe and Pleafure, tnereby cleanfing and freeing the. Rreaft
OST about fix Weeksago, from_a Houfe in Red-Lyon- | dnd Lungs, when finffe! vv and clogged with a heavy Load, a
4. Street, near the End of Great Ormon:-Street, a fmall | fo prevents Confumptions, Ulcers of the Lungs, &c. . Note;
Milk white Bitch, jinall Head, full black Eyes, pretty long | It is a fafe and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken. by {poontu's,
Eats, Tail like a Squirrel, and very little bigger in the Bo- | accotding to the printed Direétioris, without the leaft Confine-
dy. Whoever will bring the faid Bitch to the Widow Cooke's, | ment, or dangcr of catching Cold. ‘To béthad ar a
over-againft the Fore-Gate of Doétors-Commons, upon St.

Benneis’s-Hill, fhall regeive half a Guinea Reward, and no.
Queftions ask’d.

>

t. Geo
Strahan’s at the Golden Ball over agai the Royal Exchange,
Cornhill, and at no ether Places Priteze 6. |

cks-Market, having been.

Rydings. - -

reat Cunning in governing thein, the feveral :they call the Jefiits Bark. Price ss. the Vial. No Letters =
 ee _ .To be Sold, - - 0-2 FP incomparab’e Powder for cfeanfing the Teeth, which -
A. Very large Granary or Storehoufe for Corn, eonfifting has given fo great Satistaction ta moft of the Nobility and
‘LX. of two deal Floors, plow'd and tongned, 190 Foot long, | Gentry in England, for above thefe 20 Years, notwithftanding.
and 20° Foot wide, boirded on the Sides, and cover’d with | t#e many Counterfeits fince its firft Publication, endeavouring °
Tiles, by the River Thames, at Old Windfor, within two |-to imitate this the only true original Powder. Sold only at
Miles of New Windfor. It is fet upon Pedeftals of Stone, | Mr. Palmer’s Fanthop, in St. Michael’s Church-Poreh, Corn-
and may be convenie:.tly removed, and fet up in’any other J nul, at Nir. Markham’'s Toythop at the 7 Stars under St. Dun-
Pl.ce. “ Enquire of Mr. Garrard at_the Five Bells in Old | ftau's Charch, Fleet-Strect, and no where elfein England: it
Wiudfor, or of Mr. Stapies in New Windfor. ; at once ufing makes the Teeth as white as Ivory, tho neverfe
N.B. [t ftanding within a very few Yards of the 8 iver, | black or yellow, and effectually preferves them from rotting ”
when taken down, may be convey'd, with Eafe,‘in a Barge | or decaying, continuing them found to exceeding old’Age. Lt.
to London. wondertully cures the Scurvy in the Gums, prevents Rheum er:
WR IGHT's Dinretick, or cleaning Tinéture. Deflutiion, kills Worms at the 2 oot of the Teeth, and there-
Hich urinally difcharges all the feces or putrid relicks ot | by hinders the Tooth-ach. It aanirably faftens looft Teeth, ~
W the Lues Atamode, or Venereal Intcction, and caufes | teing a neat cleanly Medic ne, cfs pleafant andgrateful Scent.
its Concommitants, the wretched Train of that complicated] Price 1s. the Box. Note, all the Nobility, Gentry, dec. who fend
Diftemper; asa mucous, filthy, {anions Alatter lodg‘din the | tO Mr. Markham’s tor the | owder for the Teeth, are defired to .
Reins, or fpermatick Parts, which either caufe a tharpnefs in | 8WE ftrict Orders not to miftake the Shop, (MA RK HAM -
the Urine, or too frequently provokes it. This Relick is| ®t length isunder the Seven Stars) becaufe moft of the Toys ,
diftoverable, partly by the fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a{ Mops in, bis Neighbourhood, fceing Multitudes go to his”
Debility or Weaknefs of the Back, a fetid nauftous, and Shop tor It, eee eres, cand fell their Stuff’
averting Smell 0. the Urine, with a purtlent Aiatter, or tothe Publick. N B. At the fame Places are fold the Pati

ERSONS have Money to lay out in the Purchafe of
Freehold Eftates in Land or Houfes. — Of Annuities
from 301 t3 500]. a Year. ——Of Places for Life. —-Of
Corporation Leafes.——-Or to lend upon good Securities in
Land or Houfes——Or upon Depofits. Pleafe to direct to
Mr. Spenecly at Burton's Cofiee-Houfe in Bury-Street St.

James’s, Poft paid. .
Lately publifhed,

*,* The Country Parfon’'s Companion, or young Ciergy-
man‘s Lawyer. Containing the Laws and Canons relating
to the Englim Clergy, in ail Cafes; par-itwarly under the
Heads or the Qualification and Duty of C.ergymen 3 of
Prefentations to Benehecs, Inititution and Induction, biu-
. ralities, Difpenfations, Leprivations, Refignations, &c. with
their Dus as to Tithes of all Kinds, and how recover’d. And
aliothe Laws, Statutes, and Canons aguinit Simony, and
finnonial Contracts. Printed for y. Lacy at the Ship between
the ‘Temp e-Gates, Flcet-Street, and J. Clarke at the Bible
under the Royal-Exchange, Cornhili. Price zs.

To be Lett or Soid at Epping, in Effex, ..
Handfome new buiit Houle, tcur Rooms ona Floor, 2
geod Ce:lar, and a Picce of Ground, well pianted with

Fiut-Trecs and other Conveniencies. Enquire of Mr. Ca-
hill ac the Bunch of Grapes at Epping a oretuid.
O be rffied for at the Roft in Ccnduit-Strect, near Ha-
. dL. nover-Square, two extraordinary Peer-Glafies, and two
very fine Sconces, the Goo’s of a Perfon deceated, in two
Lotts, each Lott valned ut 20 Guineas. If the Winner
thinks his Lott dear, he thall have 20 Guineas for each Loct,
and every Perfon puts ina Guinea: The Glafics to be fuen
at the Piace above, andto be‘raffled for on Thurflay the

sth of this Inttant. ,
° jut publithed,

fecutent Sordes. refiding at the Bottom, or dying in it, with : a . .
off all’ Relicks of the Venerea: Diftafe, after ill managed }*" seer tS Can STENT :

Cures, not only cleaning the Urinary Paflages of all Sand, ] 9 ‘ T the HMOUNGARY WATER WARKE-
Gravel, Films, or membrancous Pellicles, &c, but after a HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Comb,.
Lngular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftoring them, and fa Comb-Makcrs, the Corner of Bell-Savage-
all thei: genital Parts, to their original ‘Tone and Uft, though are : Inn on Ludgate-Hill, Is fold right French
the Mistortune and Decay be of the longeft Date, with an c- Bye ot) Hlungary Water, being the fame Sort fold
qual Succefs in each Sex. To be had for ics. per Bottle, with ct eee, iH fevcral Years paft, and is eafi:y diftinguithed
1 irections for its Ufe, only at his Houfe, the Golden Head | Mee 3 abe from the PCTRICIOUS counterfeit Sort fold a~
and two Lamps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill. mbes Mapewen’ bout the Gown, retended to be imported
from. Montpelier, &c. L.ikewife the following foreign Com-

x * A LETTER to the Right Henourable the Lord] The Grand Spec.fick for c:icanfing aud ftrengthning the } ae 4 Diane vw
Sea er Seer a a Caated : for his : - ‘-modities are fold at the fame Place, viz.
Chici Juttice KING, on the Suiyect of a MOT TOE 3 a Reins, &c. Right Fienea Hungary Water, ct 1% 34. the Half-Pint

A Medicine that my be depended on as abfolutcly effectual! partie.
Jor carrying off by Urine, fate'y and fpecdily, all the] ys. pya, ;
Relicks of fecrer [nivries, Remains 0° pernicions unskilfilly Fine renee Ol a toate. the Halt-pint Bottle
¢ Piepated Peels 8 cet) or weaknefles through tedious or Fite Orange-tlower Water, at 1s 6d. per Flask. —
is Day is publifh'd, the 3d and laft Volume © 2 nandged cures Of the Venicreal Aucale 5 or iron 1elPo- ft ANS: ’ Leghera and Bermuda Hatts tor Ladies.
* A Cot bétisnof OLD BALLADS, corrected from {lution, inordinate coition ; alfo any weaknelics of the Veficls NB There isu Sign-Paper oa each Bottle and Flask, to
the beft and moft ancient Copies extant, with Introductions {from the ane ftyains, blows, or fil's, and all other obftructi- | prevent Counterfcits. . ,
hiftorical and crt ic i, ‘cant rater Mievator rates: per fectly cured by it he they of ee ae ete {FTE beft Water inthe World, fo call'd by thofe who have
Onine malum Cantu vinoG; levatc. . war. t noble fiecitek j 2) ae en ; marlin ee anti, exverienced itto befo forthe [tch, or any itching Hu-
in Warwiex- { pecitick is alfo of fingular and vory extraordinary ute fmours. It hath been taken inwardl tor the King’s-Evil. It .

ifhip’s Coat of Arms, upon his. being dch
Lordihip’s Goat of ime ETUSQUE & IDEM
Nafceris——-——— : Hor.
Yrinted for J. Roberts in Warwick-Lane. Price 6 d.

q

Printed for J. Robercs near the Cxford-Arms, aes ond efficacy \ :
. “96. ing tu Ludate, aud. ann efncacy, where chcre is any gravel, cr even imall f{tones, ‘ ?' . nas .. "
a D Le e ock seats en icow. — flime, or any other matter that obfiruéts the urine 5 bringing sis good fo cure fore Eyes, or any ‘na er Sores, Utcers, or Fi-
. Batley at the Dov ell away in a few times taking, with fafety. Ir ftrengthens ! ftulas; it has preferved fevcral from having their Limbs cut off,
{when all other Means have failed. Sold by the Perfon that

; Cordial ; : :
INCTURA NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Corda): and recovers, after a pectliar manner, all relaxations of the}
“Tincture tor the Neives, being an approved, experienced | veftéls, confirms the parts, bringing all into right onder, and makes it, at the Sign of the Green Canifter next to the Dog
and never-faili.g Sledican.ent in tinking, lang 8: “NG; thereby perfects the cure to admiration. It’s a very pleafant | and Bear Inn at London Wall han Fictle Méoregate, who is
--Jownets of Spirics, Palpitation,‘or Trembling of the ret at medicine, and may be taken with pleafure, and will be found { the Original and only Perfon ni Gree Yall Ts Sold by Mt.
all paralitick, 1opcrofe and convulfive Diftcmpers, ane in 2°"! 4° nncommon benefit to mankind, beyond expectation ; | Gouge at the Caftie in Wettnuntter- oR St Radford’s
‘Aii¢tions oi the Head and Nerves; it intallib y prevents the ‘ whichis the reafon of its being made publick, and to obvi-| Feylhop at the Rofe and Crown ardiel- et . Clement’s
bad Effects of Coitee and Tra on the Nerves, which occal:ons ‘a+ the ignorance of’ pretenders in all the cafes above-men- | Ghurch- ard in the Strand nes! pene ‘ftrect, Mr. Raw’s at
in moft People the above mentioned Diforders (with many tinned. ne bottle, in mot cats, is {cient tor a perfect | the North Entrance of the K aval: kxctinge, Aver-againie Bar-
more, which you Lfee at large in the Book of printed Direcii-, cule, as you will fee by the direétions given with it. Sold for tholomew-lane, Mr. Stewart Bowyér, Mr. F cts Bra er Ald-
ons) but yet by taking 2 few Prov’. of cis. molt pet ie 'as. 6d. the bottle at Mr. Lockton's toylhop at the Griffin, pe Naty An unt Dae Stell Dried 1 aeumaker
r fs ¢ ; ° e . . ° ale . . _ . ° ce ° . . , ° a.
licate Cordial, inthe :.1ft Dilh of Conee or 1¢a, y the corner of bueklersburyin the peultry. Bottle, with printed Directions how to ufe it. “What is {6

it ; tor thisgreat Medicine penetrates through wt tn . eo ) \
erat hentia Svitem end fo recy s the Brain and Pr.2- AL new vr pa ai Juft publihed, the SECRET elfwhere cannot be depended on, being counterfeited.
eordia with a full Infiux ef exulting Spirits, wnich perrorm the ty DIS FASE a CLRET and a Broken} Tbe_U NIVERSAL FAMILY, MEDICI NE,
Bufinefs of vital Funétion with fei Alactity, andnew Brisk- SH ety Tonttitation be ‘aft Living. former Cures To be taken any Seafon: of the Year. It is alfo
nes; fo that the Pulfe, which lay ‘ecble and wavcring, Raw | : Salivations wercury Be reachin Perfons A Certain and infallible Cure for the SCURVY, of the
falls a beating vigoroufly, and with great Fxactnefs 3 mere- 2 4 arenes . longeft ftanding, and the moft aggravated Circumftanees,

Ae to underitand Rightly their own Cale, and t b Cadet ns | : .
ay a threntblyere with: nki «by a Cordial Elixir, fo peculiarly adapted to that Difeafe in
Twirchings of the Legs and Aims, diflurb dSleen, and ai] the | Cay: fa to cure themfélves withont making oe all its Forms of appearing, from the flighteft itching Humour
difnal Train o® Vapcurs and’ Melancholy. It likewife ftops oeiee to . gr. Chamberten his highly ufefal | 22 the Blood, to its utmoft or laft Effort on human Nature :

‘omiting, puts off Nauzeoufnef:, procures a good Appetite,! Sa tie cok is Given Gratis Un One Pair of; 2t's not a rugged Purgative that difturbs the Patient in ta-
and is now in great Eftecm ainoneft Quality of the fi Rank. ! eitire the Celbrated Anodyne NECKLACE Recon! king it, buta true Specifick Cordial, that perfectly curas
Sold only at G. Strahan’s, Bookfeller,.at the Golden Ball in° ans , Oe Ciattkeven for Chidren’s Teeth Text to the ; that Diftemper by gentle Evacuation, by Stool and Urine;
Cornhill, over againtt the’ Royal-Exebange, and at no other Wore cs ern Geithont ‘Temple-Par. en ag Ale. Jeremiah (a04,fo powerfully reéhfies the Blond and Juices, that fero-
Place. * The Ral REAUTIFYING FLUID. __ | Bains the Sign of tie -ureh of OUR Atiy fiom Cereb | lotches, Pimoles, &e. ba the Skin, are quickly: and entire?

Hich vaftly tranfcends any thing cve yet niade pudlick, "8 ban yA the Ro al-Excha nec. Where creto ke had JY taken of. It isa Cordial in the Stomach, removes all Pain.
WV “and is really the nobleit fecret in nature to beautify the TBI Over ABATE Ae ME CT ACES for Chiktren's Teeth | omit, helps Digeftion, and is fo particularly adapted to all
Face, Neck and Hanis, as moft of the firt Quality have i. reed up ai ong ‘vith the Liquid Coral to make the Gums give Konititutions, | that it is the molt agree Family Medicine
rj ; it give incxpreihble hne alr CO Cae a ee . Di ioe hoe i that ever was known, to be taken Sp nd Fall, to pre-
vas OF the face of the fpot, an furprifng handfomenefs to ; Way for the Teeth to come OU eal LOZ NCES cor to- iferve Health. It hinders no BufineS or Recreation in taking:
he nec ; jaft account feveral gentlemen} Bether ss /ind the lamous Fcctonsl oN fix pees {i Icis fold at the Golden Bail, cn Puddle-Dock Hill near
} Uneafinels at Stomach called t ” Sy Hx-pene Ludguce-Strect, at 3s. the Rottic. Where good Allowance. |

the neck and hands, on wnieh laft a {
‘es ufe it. and admire its fuperior exce-lency, It! nae Lu WEY ince
25 wet far beyond a1 : é a Paper. is given by Wholcfale to Country Shopkee ers, &c. (one in a:
l

ever, it wonderfully difperfes Fear, Sadne fs, confus'd Thoughts, :

Abas: ond ¢ afie, powder, wafnball, or any noe reat ceae = AEh Se
being indeed erever, Por iamediately making ared oF rough URSTEN offen Bellies, perfiaatly curd by the Blot | CitY or Town) to fvell again. The Directions given with it.
hind exceedingly fmooth, fine and delicately white, Jt cc tug of God, cither on old or young, in a very little are large cud ull: The ; tedicine w. Golick Bal in Salisbu rye

Court, Fleet-ftreer, liveth a Gentlewoman~
that prepares the nioit excelleht Céfmetick or
Beautifiers yet known, as that moft noble Pre- -
paration of Pearl, witha particular beautify-
ing Fluid, both which ufed by Ladits of the-
firft Quality; they, with Surprize, take away-
Redneis, Pimpes, Roughnefs, Worms, Mor-

a -eeable rednefs, fpots, pimples, ' 22 C ae
pune roughnels, y false ;OTIHEW, worms in che face, ‘Time, and fora finall Charge, by two Medicines to be sie
peas Oe? other dixcolocring, almeft in aninfranc; ne-ly ufed, without any Painto, or Confinement of, the Pati-

uhburn, or 2ny sin Thefe two Kemedies need no other Kecommendation

. ‘eetly, asnotonly to conceal, ent. Paras
Bad een to all Winks eels af old age, making the Skin thin themfelves will manifeft in cwo_or three Days ufing, ha-

1 é ; ee clear, pinup, fofe ving, by their admirabie and even aftonimhing Succefs, gain'd
become fo i " bir, ms ne ncation in all *pertons; and the Reputatien they juftly deferve both in City and Country,

and ¢ ine of paint, but far exceeds it, for it bringsthe.tor above thefe twenty Years inft paft, ater wearing Trut Yeas see ] rT
Se methe the face, neck or bands, and tho’ biown, fes for many Years, to no Purpofe: Many Hundreds of a hew. feurf, Sun-burn, Freckles, Wrinkles, Pits of the-
ikin, whether 01. atnyal teanty and periestion, viz. a! Agesand Sexes have been curd by oo. Which occafioned | GS oii-Pox, with other Defilements of the Skin, Likewifé
red or rough tf taimess, fmoothnefs and delicacy, which ; this Publication, tor the Good of the Publick, that all firch fhe prepares a fine Italian Cream for the Face, Neck, and
lafting your. int] rs itates. neither 1s this royal beautifier| unhappy People may be delivered from the Charge and Slave- Hands, which plumps and finooths the Skid to Admiration ;
paint only. ainety ie. article of mercury or any thingiry of always wearing Truffés. ‘They are feai'd uy, at $s. the | niing White-Pots, and Tower-Street Pots, with an Eaft-
prepared ue f : erie?! yanocent and harmiefs, and may be] Parcel, which is generally fufficient fora compleat Cure, ef- India Chinefe Red Liquor, none having the Secret but her-:
metal, ee Ex it x ildren Tt hasalfo a pleafant fcent, | pecially on a young Perfon, and is now (fince Mrs. Rradbury felf: It gives a moft natural and lafting Blufh, that no Perfon -
‘g ven inwardly, é nett iawn and is fo far from Peing trouble-{le't off Shopkeeping) fold only by Mr. Sanders, Haberdather can diftinguith when on the Face, and not to be rub” off.
will not fol . ‘the ‘ceft ladies think it pleafunt. Isto be}of Small Wares, at the Blue-Ball Toyfhop in Fenchurch- ‘Alfo tobe had, the red Crown Cakes, White-Pafte, or Cake¢.
fometo ne, thatt dor Tovitop, atthe Rofe and Crown Street, near Aldgate. - N.B. It isby the Uf of an eafy for the Face cy Hands, andall other Cofitieticks formerly fold
had ony Wlcment’s “Church Yard in the Strand, nearj Tru, &c. that thofe two external Medicines are applied to here by Mis. Hockle. N. B. She has a chymical Liquor whick .
againit 9 : 6d. a Pottle with Directions.] the Part affedted, till the Cure Js perfected, as will be feen by siers red or grey Hair to alight or dark Brown.

Beware oF Counterieits undor other Namics. the Directions at large given with thein, .
, LONDON: Painted by N. AIST, 18 Crest Caiter-~Lane. .

 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 10 July 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786127/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 