.Healfo gave me to

-

MIST’s WEEKLY JOURNAL, Wome

SATURDAY, JULY 31, 1725.

S Iwas the other Day diverting

.
wee, we nr
Noel

T at length grew weary, and in
order to reft my felf, fat down
upon a Bench, where I hada fair-
SGA er Opportunity of making my Re-
marks upon every Thing that pafs’d.

Thad not fat there long before a Gentleman
pafs'd by me with a great deal of Scrioufnefs in
his Countenance, and that fort of impertant Look
which Men of Bufinefs often affect to put on;
his Pace was fo hafty as if he was going to exc-
cute fome Affair of Confequence, which would
admit of no Delay ; but when he arrived at the
upper End of the Walk, I perceived he turn’d
like the reft of the Company, but however, came
back with the fame Precipitation. ——-—— I
chen began to think his Bufinefs was no more than
a Walk in the Park, but I could not help won-
dering at the Singularity of the Gentleman in ta-
king this Diverfion in the Pace of a Penny Poft-

man, and it made me reflect on the odd Humonrs

of Men, who are
in publick Places, and very often fall into fome

repofterous Airs for that Purpofe.

While I was making my Reflections, my Gen-
tleman made a fudden Stop, and drawing a Piece
of Chalk out of his Pocket, writ fomething upon
the Board, which Borders that Walk call’d the
Mall: As foonas he had done, he proceeded on
with the fame Pace as before. Several Per-
fons were immediately led by their Curiofity to
view this Infeription, of which Number I my
felf was one; but the Evening being pretty near

dark, we could make nothing of it, but that it

was fome Attempt towards a Diftich of Verfes.

- ‘The Conjeftures were various concerning the
Gentleman, but I found it was given by a great
Majority that he muft be fome poor Poet run
mad. ——- I returned to my Bench, where, after a
fhort Stay, I faw my Gentleman coming towards
me again, accompanied by another, who did all
he could to keep up with him ; when they came
up to me,

twixt them, after which they parted, and the
Gentleman of the haffy Pace came and fat down
next me. After he had falured me civil-
ly, he gave me to underftand that he knew me,
and my Employment,

fons to. be affronted at my Neglcé& of him, but
he had Jearn’d not to be concern’d at little Acci-
dents or Affronts : I profefs’d I had never feen

him before, and defired to be inform’d in what

Manner I could offend him, and by’ what Name
or Title he was diftinguifhed. He anfwered,
he was not onc of thofe who are fond of making
a Noife in the World, yet that he was at Bottom
the ProjeStor aud Manager of feveral Matters
of State, which have been tranfatted for feveral
Years paft; that it was entirely owing to him
that the City was now fo manageable ; that it
was he who firft projefted the late Bill, and
that he had done the Court more Service than
the laying out of a hundred thoufand Pounds :

underftand, that he could
tell before-hand the Rife and Fall of Stocks.—
When I feem’d to wonder at that ; he faid, he
thought it would aftonifh me, but he difcover’d
it by three certain Treesin St. fames's Park.——
He added, the World would fhortly hear of him,
fer he fhould have a Pattent Place, which was

a my felf with a walk in the Park, -

fond of being taken Notice of

there was a Stop, and a Whifper be-

but faid, he had fome Rea-~

that of GREAT MASTER OF POLITICKS

of Great Britain.
inclined to aflift you, and writ to you ro that

Purpofe, but you neither publifhed my Letter,

nor took the Ieaft Notice of having received it,

and therenpon he was pleafed to produce me
the Date of the faid Letter, and the Name by
which it was fign’d: As foon as I faw the Name
T immediately recolleéted my having received a
Letter fo fign’d, and rummaging in my Pocket I
fhew’d him the following Epiftle, defiring to know

if that was it.

STR,
To the Author of m/ft's Journal.

1° Iam a Judge of a Rife of Humour, I often
difcern a quick Difpatch from your Pen, and
as.every Thing which is new, is moft defirable,
and takes moft with the Town, fo I imagine my
felf often the Occafion of many Entertainments
the Publick have, and to which Furpofe I could
often be neceflary in contributing in fome man-
ner'too, if I had an Intimacy with more Au-
thors in that Way, and with you in pariicular,
it might rend to a Satisfaction you can never re-
pent your felf of; if you have Leifure in a few
Days, and call upon me, I fhall take it as a Fa-
vour, Iam at home all Day, except from One to

near 4. in the Afternoon.
From Mr. Steven’s,,
Diftiller, next Door
the King’s General
Penny-pott, Charing-
Cyofs, Off. 1§, 1723-

On thofe who have not Juftice in them.

Here lays beiold, aparently entoméd'd,
The Cataftrophy of many, are thus doom'd.

ROB. PAYNE.

He told me it was, wherefore I could make no

Yet added he, T was once

Your moft lumble Servant,

other Excufe for my not inferting it, but my be-
ing ignorant of the Importance of his Character,

adding, that as I often receive Letters from cer-

mr &

tain Gentlemen, who are Students in the College
of Bethlehem, I was fo foolifh to imagine this
to come from that Quarter, burt that hereaf-
ter I fhould be more inquifitive into the Chara-

ters of my Correfpondents.

While we were in this Difconrfe, there came
up fous a tall chin Gentleman of a moft folemn

Afpeét, he had a Silver Crofs on his Breaft, and
the Ribbon of fome Order round his Neck, who
fac himfelf duwn by us; my firft Companion
feem’d to eye this Gentleman with fome Envy,
and as if his Prefence had offended him, he rofe
up and went off immediately ; the other, who
had obferv’d us in Converfation together, made
fome Apology for difturbing us, and frightning a-
way my Companion, as he was pleas’d to call it;
as I perceiv’d he was acquainted with him, I was
curious to know fome Particulars concerning
Man who appear’d to me in every -refpett {fo fin-

gular. ,
He gave me to underftand, that this Genrle-

man was poffefs’d with a very peculiar Folly, for
he fancies that he governs the Nation, and being*

very zealous for the prefent Eftablifhment, is pol-
{efs'd with a Notion, that he fhall be rewarded
with fome great Place, however, his Folly is of
fome Ufe to him, for it recommends him now and

then to the Converfation of fome Fools of Quali-

_as foon as the Wind fhould come about.

ty, from whom he reccives fome little Favoure
and who would not give hima Bit of Bread if
they thought him a Man of Senfe. ~ I ask’d
‘then if this unhappy Gentleman did ‘not put on
this Humour to fervethe Turns of Life, but he
an{wer’d, No, tho’ fome malicious People, not lon
fince, reported, thar he was an Impoftor, and me
Foot at all, which had like to have ruin’d him
While we were thus engag’d, I obfery’d that
every Body who look’d at us finiled, as if there
had been fome Jeft about us; at length we were
Join’d by an Acquaintance of my own, upon which
my Companion tock his Leave and went off; m
Acquaintance ask'd me if I knew the Gentleman
T had been talking with, I anfwer’d in the Ne.
gative, Why then, fays he, you have been talk-
ing all this while toa Man that’s-crack’d-brain’d
and don’s feein to have found it out; I then told
him, that IT obferv’d every Body who pafs’d us
laugh’d ; Why, fays he, that is Sir Sames Boy
who now fancies himfelf a Lord, the Folly of
Don Quixot is not greater than what pofleffes that
Man ; the Knight of the ugly Face was for gain-
ing Honour by fighting Windmils and Giants. and
this Gentleman by wearing Bits of Ribbon and
Croffes, €c. Some Perfons, in order to humour
his Folly, have prefented him with thofe Trinke
ets, and tell him, it is an Order conferr’d upon
him by fome foreign Pr—e; he never confiders
what Merit there is in him co deferve this but
when he looks down and beholds that Ribbon and
Crofs, he ftarts, and fancies him(eifa Marof—
great Honour and Worth, andislauch’d at as an
Ideot by every Body elfe; belides, (added he) he
has no Fortune w counrenance the Folly ; Nay.
the Pep of t if i but jutt that a poor Fool ould be
the Feft of the Rich, as a vich Fool is the
Worl Ss cduee Ff t an the
FOREIGN AFFAIR 5S.
Tley write from Ratisbon, that the Diet of the
Empire lately came to a Refolution of ratifyin
the late Treaty of Vienna, made betwixt the im:
peror and Empire on ore Part, and Spain on the
other ; the M{inifters of the Electors of Hanover
and Brandenburg, otfer’d a Claufe to be added to
the faid Ratification in the Names of their req
{peftive Mafters ; but it being put to the Vote, it
was carried againft them by a great Majority, fo
that the faid Treaty is to be ratity’d as it ftands.
We are advifed from Petersburg, that the Ema
peror has refolved to fend a fuiemn Embaffy to
the Emperor of China to renew the fornrer Al-
liances, and in order to eftablith the Commerce
betwixt their Subjefts on a better Foot than here-
rofore; Tr ts faid, that the Tranfports
with the Forces on Board, defign’d, as it was fups
pofed, for a certain Expedition, were arrived
from their feveral Ports to Cronflor, the Place of -
their Rendevouz, but the Wind “not favouring
their faiing out, the Forces were landed and em-
ploy'd in working upon the Fortifications of that
Place, and that they would be embarqued apain, °

.
.
.

other Advices we.are told, thar the Aff so et ory.
are to gono farther, but thatthe Mbstcae-puos
will fail out to Sea, in a@rder to exercf tase pe ee
men, as vfual, and that nothing farpiytay! eat }
fign’d. | Wife
They write from Vienna, that Mon NG aioe: CF

doff, Minifter and Plenipotentiary of rheQaagye
 — a=

iv Miture of the Duchy of Holftein, with the

v:gal Ceremonies, the Emperor fitting upon his
‘hrone. ——<—When the Vice-Chancellor made
cn Harangue to the faid Minitter in the Empc-
ror’s Name, he gave the Duke of Holftcin the
Title of Royal Highnefs. The faid Mi-
nifter appeared in Mourning at the faid Ceremo-
ny, which was much taken Notice of.
Count Linden alfo received the Inveftiture of the
Principality of Liege, in the Name of the Bifhop
and Prince his Mafter. The Departure of
the Archdutchefs for Bruffels, is fix'd for the lat-
ter End of Auguft, but part of her Equipage, with
fome rich Coaches are already {et out.

Dublin, July 23. Lord Chancellor Weft is fafe-
ly arrived here.

Cork, Guly 23. After the two Regiments fail’d

sv Port-Mahon, Orders came for one of them
(vix. Handafid’s) to ftop at Gibraltar.

Edinburgh, guly 21. The Magiftrates of Glaf-
gow brought Prifoners hither, are all admitted
to Bail by the Lords of the Jufticiary. This ex-
traordinary Affair occafion’d a vaft Concourfe of
People of all Conditions to affemble, and meet
‘the faid Magiftrares on the Road. A Report
vas: fpread here, that -the Brewers, who are
pretty numerous, had made a Refolution to leave
off Brewing whenever the Officers came to di-
Qrain for the Tax, which would alfo for want
of Yeaft prevent the Bakers from making Bread,
fo that "twas apprehended fome Difturbance, might
have followed trom the great Number of People
that would hae been out of Employ, and other-
wife diftrefs'd, which occafioned more Forces to
be fent for; however, we are pretty quict at

refent. |

-Clafgow, uly 1g. Laft Monday General Wade
yeview'd the two Regiments of Dragoons, Camp-
bell’s and Stair’s, and the next Day the Earl] De-
lorain’s Regiment of Foot, and lik’d ‘em very
well. ‘The two Companies that encounter'd with
the Mob, are gone to quarter at Leith, for fear
of making any Uneafinels; the reft of that Regi-
ment, being 8 Companies, ftay here.

Berwick, $uly 23. Collonel Carpenters Regi-
ment, which was ordered to move from their
Quarters in Staffordfhire to this Place, is arriv’d.
In pafling a Ferry one of their Horfes leap'd over-
board with his Rider, but, being ftrong, fwam
out, and no Damage enfued. Five Companies of

‘this Regiment are gone to Edinburgh.

From Newcaftle, That a famous Surveyor has
been meafuring and taking proper Obfervations of
the old Roman Walls and Ruins, between this
Place and Carlifle, and is to proceed to the End
of it; inorder (as ‘tis fuppos’d) to fet ina bet-
ter Light fame Paffages of chronological Hiftory,
by Means of this ancient Monument. .

Tork, ¢uly 24. All the chief Perfons in this City
and Neighbourheod are going to pay their Re-
fpe€ts to our Archbifhop. A Marriage between
Mifs Lucy Thompfon and Mr. Southern, is a-
reed on.

York, guly 26. The Affizes being ended here,
both for the City and Country, atthe Guildhall,
a Man was condemn’d to T'ranfportation for brea-

“king into his own Mother's Houfe, and robbing

her of fome Silver Plate, and other Things of
Value; he has a Wife and feven final] Children,
..-At the Caftle, which is the County Goul, three
Perfons were coudemn’d to dye. There was 4
Caufe try’d about a Common Right, where a Man
of 106 Years of Age was brought for a Witnefs.
Burlington Key in Yorkbire, Fuly 25. Laft Night a
_ftrange Phenomena appear’d here, viz. a Fire, com-
uted. to be morethan a Leazue ofat Sea, taken
by many Hundreds of People for fome Ship on
fire; many Boats went from the Share to give

what Affiftance they could; but tho’ the Boats

went pretty far off, the Fire feem’d fill at the

fame Diftance ; nor could they by all their
Endeavours difcover what it-was : Some here are
of Opinion it may prove the firft Appearance of a
Comet, it gradually decreafing as the Boats rowed
towards it, till it was entirely loft about twoa
Clock this Morning: Whatever it was, all our
Neighbourhood are much furprized at it.

Neatfhead in Norfolk, fuly 22. A Boy of this
Place, of about f2 Years old, being fent to ferch
a Gun, meeting with his little Brother at the Door
when he came home, prefented at him, and it
went off and fhot him dead, and narrowly mifs’d
his Mother.

Norwich, Ffuly 24. Ata Quarter Seffions this
Week about 7o Prifoners for Debt, in the Goal
and Bridewel of this City, were difcharged by
Virtue of the late A& for that Purpofe.

At the Affizes held at Oxford, Thomas Davis
was condemn’d for ftealing 3 1. 5 s. and a Pen-
knife, but ic being the firft Faé& he is repriev'd.

Atthe Affizes held at Bridgwater, four Men
reccived Sentence of Death, two for Burglary,
one for the Highway, and another for Hor{e-ftea-
ling, two of which are repriev'd.

Atthe Affizes at Worcefter, Giles Barnes con-
demn’d for privately ftealing, but repriev'd.

At the Affizes at AMaidftone. which ended on
Saturday laft, they inform us, the five following
are to be hang'd, William Flood for robbing his
Mafter; Henry Harrifon for Horfe-ftealing ;
Reynolds and Cheefman for breaking open a
Church, &c. and William Davidge for the High-
way. Wm Hawkins for divers Robberies ;
Tho. Smith for ftealing Cloaths ; Robert Jarrat
for ftealing a Lamb; Matthias Cater and Mary
Horn for robbing the Earl of Suffolk; and Wil-
liam Mackney for affaukting a Cuftom-Houfe Off-
cer, are order’d for Tranfportation.

Paul Hughes for Manflaughter, in killing his
Wife; John Lewis for the like Crime, in killing
the Drawer at Chatham, burnt in the Hand. .

LON DOW, uly 31.

The Rt. Hon. Lord Trevor, who has been to
fpend fome Days at his Seat ac Bromham, near
Bedford, return’d on Tuefday to Peckham.

On Tuefday Morning the Hon. Walter Plum-

mer, Efq; Member of Parliament for Alborough

in Suffolk, was married to Mifs Hanbury, at St.
Margaret's Weftiinfter, and fet out Yefterday for
his Seat in Suffolk. |

The fame Morning the Lady of Lord Barry-
more, an Irifh Peer, Member of Parliament for
Wiggan in Lancafhire, was delivered of a Son at
her Lodgings in Leicefter-Fields.

The Durchefs of Bridgwater is deliver’d ofa Son.

The Lady of Wm. Bromley, Efq; jun. Member
of Parliament, is arrived in Town to lie in ; and
fome mere Ladies of Diftin&ion in that Condition
are fuddenly expe&ed.

Lord Lindley, eldef& Son to the Rt. Hon. the D.
of Ancafter, Cr
taken ill of the Small-Pox,

The ‘Duke and Dutchefs of Grafton fet out
this Week for their Seat ar Wakefield, near
Stony-Stratford in Northamptonfhire; and the
Lord Auguftus, their Grace's cldeft Son, who was
perfectly recover'd of the Small-Pox, is to follow

im ina Day or two. 7
We hear the Lord Bolinbroke is about pur-
chafing the Eftare of a Noble Barl, near Ux-
ridge. : ,

| On Saturday laft in the Evening the Coroner's
Inqueft fate on the Body of Thomas Broadhurft, a

Baliff’s Follower, kill’d by Capt. Delegall: Ic ap-.
: peard the Bellow ftole up Stairs, and, by his Art,

inga Lock-Sipish, he very dextroufly forc’d oper

‘End in Fleet-Street. Prices s.

eat Chamberlain of England, is

the Chamber-Door ; the Captain drew his Sword;
and {tabb‘d him in the Breaft, but being a fturdy
Fellow, he foon broke the Sword to Pieces, ‘and
fix'd himf{clf fat about the Captain’s Middle: Ar
laft the Capt. drew a Piftol out of a Cheft of Draw-

ers, and fhot him thro’ the Body ; he kept his Hold: --

ftill, and drage’d Captain Delegall to the Stair-'*

head, who by no Means could difengage himfelf, an

till others came and took the Follower off by
main Force, who dy’d in lef than a Minute af-
ter. The Inqueft have adjourned their farther

Proceedings riil Tuefday nex.

Dy’d at Spaw in Germany, Lord Howard of
Effingham, in the County of Surrey. His firft
Wife was Daughter to —Wentworth, Efq; of the
County of Kent, by whom he had two Daughters ;
his fecond Wife, who furvives him, was Daugh-
ter to John Rotheram, of Much-Waltham in Ef-
fex, Eiq; Widow of Sir Theophilus Napier, Bar.
of Luton-How in Bedfordfhire, but by her hath
no Iffue. He is fucceeded by his Brother, Colf.
Francis Howard, who is lately arriv’d in Town.

Cafualties. Laft Saturday, as two Men were
working at a Crane at Cuftom-Houfe Key, lower-
ing Goods into a Boat, one of them ftepp’d out of
the Crane, and the Wheel thereupon over-pow-
ering the other, by its violent Morion, beat out
his Brains, fo that he dy’d on the Spor. :
A Perfon diforder’d in his Senfes, cut his Throat
on London-Bridge, and dy’d foon after.
Madam Bowyer’s Coachman, near Camerwell, of
7° Years of Age, hang’d himfelf. — Wednefday,
as they were craining up Timber at Pig-Stairs,
out of a Barge, the Rope broke, and a Man kill’d
by the Fall of a Piece. A Soldier fhot, and a-
nother wounded, by the Guards exercifing in Hide
Park; whether by Accident or not, is unknown.

ADVERTISEMEN T S.
W Hereas in mift’s weekly journal, on Saturday the zoth of

February 1725, as alfo in other papers of the fame date,
and fince, is advertisd a powder lately imported, which in
every re pect fully anfwers the uft: of Coffee, and there bei
a larger demand than was expected, feveral perfons went
wichout; care will be taken for the future to prevent the
like, a large parce: being juit arrived exceeding fine and good
which may be tafted at the firft honfe on the lett hand in Bell
Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill up one pair of Stairs, where any
Quantity may be had at 2s. 6d. per pound. N. B. No ie
thin one poundis foid; it will anfwer without mixture of
coffee, and hath been much approved on fince the Advertife

ment.
Laft Week was publithed, the 3d Edition of,

*," 1. Memoirs of the Life and Adventures of Signor Ro-
zelli, late of the Hague; giving a particular Account Of his
Birzh, Education, Slavery, monaftick State, Imprifonment
in the Inquifition at Rome, and the different Figures he has
fince made, as well in Italy as in England, France and Hol
jand. ‘The whole being a Series of the moft diverting Hiftc.
yy, and furprizing Events ever ye made publick, Printed
for A. Roper, and J. Bowyer, ani fold by J. Ifted at the Gol-
den Ball between St. Dunftan s Church and Cnancery-Lane

treet, .,. Where may be ha

2. The Continuation of the Life ana Adventures 3f the
faid Signor Rozelli, to the Day of his Death. Price 35. 6d,
Both Volumes ajorn’d with curious Copper Cuts.

AN ¥ one that has a Houfe to Lett, unfurnith'd, fit for
a fnali Family, about zo or 25 Miles o ndon, with
Gardening, in Middletex, Su ry Buckinghamfhire, Rerk-
fhire, or Hertfordihire, is defired to fend Propofals to the
Princer of this Paper.

Juft publifhe?

_«"» Mr. Forman’s Letter to the Rteht Honourable Wil.
liam Pultney, Efq; mewing how pernicious the Imperiit
Company of Commerce and Navigation, lately eftablithed
in the Auftrian Netherlands, is likely to prove to Great Bri.
tain, as well asto Holland.

Pro rege fepe ; Pro Republica femper. —~ .
Printed for and fold by S. Buffey in Ivy-Lane, Pater-Nofter
Row. Pricers.

This Day is publifhed,

*t* PROPOSALS for printing by Subfcription, a Tran-
flatton of Monfieur Rapin Thoyra’s General Hiftory ot
E.ngtand, which, afcer a fhort Introdu<tion, explaining the
Manners, Cultoms, Ufages, Government, and the Reiigion
of the Antient Britons, commences with the Inyafion o fre
lius C-rfar, and concludes with the Rerolution. A further
Account of th’s ufzful and judicious Performance, is cm-
tain'd ig the Plan or Scheme printed with the Fropotals,
which may be hadof W. Mears at the Lamb, F. Clay at
the Bible, and D. Brown, Jun. at the Black Sean, all with-
out Temple-Bar; J.. Woodman: in Ruffel-Street, Covent-
Garden, and J. Greenewegen, and A. Vaaderhveck, near
Exerer-Cbange in the Strard.

 _to Tovvn.

following remarkable Cur@s of the DROPSY
The tw ely perernr'd by Mrs. ELIZ. KNELL, of Middle-
Srreet, Cloath-Fair, near Weftfmithfield, viz. |
T #0. Barron, Siik-Dyer, of Biack éwan-Alley, near
: T vieen-Hithe, ‘Thames-Sticet, who, after a great Ex-
pence-inctrying other Xemedies, to no Purpofe, received a
rfet ;

re.

Il. john Stokes, of Lanib-Lane, in Church-Street, Green-
wich, recommended by a Perfon o me |
eur'd by the faid excellent Remedy, which is to be had only
‘et the Place aforefaid.——N. &. The dangerous Condition
chefe two Perfons were in, thcy and feveral of their Neigh-
bours are ready to atteft. .

This Day is publifh'd,

*. An hiftorical and critical Account of the Life and
Wiitings of Wm. CHILLINGWORTH, Chancellor of
the Church of Sarum. Wherein are inferted feveral origi-
nai Letters of that eminent Divine, never before printed.
Ry Mr. DES Maizcaux, F. R. S. Printed for Tho. Wood-
ward at the Half Moon over-againft Sc. Dunttan’s Church
in Pleet-Street, and John Peele at Lock's-Head in Pater-

Noiter-Row.
: pet, publithed, Beri
For thé Benefit of young Beginners,

*_* Reading made eafy, a large Collection of Verfes
out of the Pfalms, and New Téftament, in two Parts, the
firft being a Collection of Verfes that contain Words of one
Syllable only. The fecond Vertes having no Words above
two Syllables, and printed witha Mark of Divifion between
the Syllables, defigned for the Ufe of young Children in
Charity Schools and others, being the moft proper Bonk for
young Beginners. Weald, Mafter of a Free-School
at Billericay, in the County of Effex. Printed for S. Fit-
zer at the Three Bibles in the Minories, and fold by A. Bet-
tefworth at the Red Lion in Pater-N ofter-Row.

"This Day is published, the fifth Edition, with the Addition
. of a Preface, — ;

* * Every Bodies BufinefS is no Bodies Bufinefs, or pri-
vate Abdufes, publ.ck Grievances, exemplity’d in the Pride,
Infolence, aad exorbitant Wages of our Women Servants,
Footmen, &c. With a Propofal for Amendment of the fame ;
as alfo for clearing the Streets of Vermin call’d Shoe-
cleaners, and fubftituting in their Stead many Thowfands of
jnduftrious Poor, now ready to ftarve Printed for W. Mea-

dows in Cornhill, and fold by 'T, Warner at the Black Boy

ja Pater-Nofter-Row, A. Diod without Temple Bar, and E.
Nut at the Royal-Exchange. Price 6d.

This Day is publithed

* « A Crown of Glory, the Reward of the Righteous,
being Meditations. upon the Viciffitude and Uncertainty o
all fablunary Enjoyments, viz. I. Honours, !iches, and
Pleafures. IL. The Nature and Caufes of Affliction. IIT.
The great Benefit and Advantage of Afflictions. IV. Of
onr Refignation to the Will of God. To which is added,
A manual of Devotions, for Times of Trouble and Afili-
étion ; alfo Meditations and Prayers for the Holy Commu-
nion, both before, at, and atter receiving, with fome gene-
ral Rules and Dire¢tions for our daily Practice , compofed
for the Ufe of a noble Family, by the Right Keverend Dr.
Thomas Kenn, late Lord Bithop of Bath and Wells. Prin-
ted for A. Bettefworth at the Red Lyon in Pater-Nofter-

Row. To be Sold,
Very large Granary or Storehoufe for Corn, confifting

A of two Beal Floors, plow’d and tongu’d, 100 Foot long,
and zo Foot wide, boarded on the Sides, and cover’d wit
Tiles, by the River Thames, at Old Windfor, within two
Miles of New Windfor. It is fet upon Pedeftals of Stone,
and may be conveniently removed, and fet up in any other
Piace. Enquire of Mr. Gerrard at the Five Bells in Old
Windfor, or of Mr. Staples in New Windfor. ;

N. B. It ftanding within a very few Yards of the River,
when taken down, may be convey'd, With Eafe, in a Barge
to London.

n Monday will be publifh’d, the fecond Vol. of

«THE HUMORIS ,. being Effays upon feveral Sub-
jets, viz. An Account of the Author, Stockjobbers, Authors,
Travels,, Fancy, Journalifts, the eather, Hope, Educa-
tion, Prating, Modern Inventions, Luxury, Libels, Popu-
Jar Difcontents, Great Men, Theatrical Entertainments,
‘Method in Writing, Suicide, Infidelity, Publick Sports, Le-
wity, the Duty of ‘Authors, a Club of Authors, Happinefs,
Women, Coffee-Houfes, Mafquerades, Patriotifm, Bifhop
Burnct’s Hiftory, Mortality, the Characters of different Na-
rions, Sedition, Honers, fome Characters of the prefent Age.
Printed for Tho. Woodward, at the Half-Moon over-againft
Sr. Dunftan’s Church in Fleet-Street. Where may be had,

I. The 2d Edition of the firft Vol. ao

If. Caro’s Letters in four neat Bonet Vols. with ‘the

aracter of the late John Trenchara, 5 ; ;
car The Att of Thinking, by Manf. Croufaz, in z Vols.
aie ith'd, in Pocket Volumes |

blifh’d, in Pocket Volumes, ;

** A sed of "6 new and corrett Maps of Scotland, di-
vided into Shires- Alfo a Set of so new and correct Maps
of the Counties of England, with the great Roads, and piin-
cipal crofs Roads, thewing the computed Miles from Lown
. Both by H. Moll, Geographer. Printed and fold
by Tho, Bowles, in St. Paul's Church-Yard, and J. Bowles
over-giinft Stocks-M arket, and at : Mercers-Hall.

“Where may

PRACTICAL ARCHITECTURE, reprefenting the
five Orders, with their feveral Doors and Windows, taken
from Inigo Jones, and other , celebrated Architects. Wi
‘Tables of Proportions Likewife the Artaf Sotmd Balding.
Bath by Win. Halfpenny.

the fame Town, who was

“

A fetion has Money to lend in largeSums, at low Intereft.

Land Securities are caild for, tor $000 1. 40001. 15001.
and roocol.—A Perfor has Money to fend upon Houfts.——
Gentlemen want to purchufe, viz. Eftates, trom 4ool. Co
2000], a Year, within 60 Miles of London, or in Somerfet-
fhire.—An Fitate from 20ool.tosool. a Year, with a goad
Houle in Berks, or Dorfethhire——rool. a Year, wi-hin 30
Miles 3 an Eftate of 120901. Value, within 7o Miles ; and
an Eftate of zo00!1. Value, from_ 49 to go Miles from Lon-
don.—Perfons want to purchafe Eftates for Life, from rool.
to 12001. a Year; ani Annuities from 6oL. to 700]. a Year
for their Lives, fecured by Land or good Houles.——Tne fol-
lowing Eftates to be fold, viz. 6301. a Yeur, in Norfolk ;
7ool. in Chefhire; rqgol. in the [fle of Wight: Farms of
rool. 601. and gol. a Yearin Kent; sol.a Year in Berks ;
a College Leafe of z901. a Year, in ditto, in a fine Situ-
tion.—Alfo sol. a Year in Land and Freehola Houtes, in
ditto.—2z51.a Year in Effex.—A College Leafe of 2001. a
Year in Southwark.——An Annuity of 150]. a Year to be
fo'd for the Life of the Seller, being 40 Years of Age, an!
of a good Conftitution.—The Annuity fecured by an Fftace
of 4001. a Year, within do Miles of London. Letters to
be fent to Mr. Spencely, to Burton's Coffee-houfe in Bury-
ftreet, St. James's, Poft paid.

R UN away trom his Mafter on Sunday Ju'y 25, William
Raldvin, Apprentice to William Twyford, a Smith, in
Chrift’s-Church Parith, Southwark: He is about 13 Years
of Age, wears a dark brown Drugget Coat and Waftcoit,
Leather Breeches and Stockings of the fame Colour, a black
Sik Cap, with a white Lining, under his Hat; he has thort
white Hair, very full Lips and Mouth: Waoever appre-
hends the faid Baldwin, is defired to fend him to his Matter
above-mentioned, and he or they fhall be very well paid tor
thelr Trouble.

This Day ts publith’d, (Price 6 d.)

** Weighiey alias Wild, a Poem in Imitation of Hudl-
brag; to which is annex’d, a more genuine and particular
Account than any yet publith'd, of the moft remarkable F-
vents and Tranfactions of his Life, from the Time of his
Birth to his Execution: AJfo Jonathan’s laft Farewel and
Epitaph. With a Song never before printed by N. P. many
Years intimate Acquaintance. | ;

Aude Aliquid brevibus Gyaris & carcere dignum.

_ Si vis effe Aliquis 1-Probitas laudatur, & alget. Juv. Sat.
Printed for J. Koberts near the Oxford-Arms in Warwick-

ne.

Engraving, and in great Forwardness, being above 500 Coats
OF ATMs, 0

*.* All the Englifh Baronets now in being, from the firft
Creation of that Dignity, in King james the Ift’s Reign, to
the prefent Time. ‘To which is added, An Account of the
Antiquity and Deftent of the Families, to the Creation of
the Title, and the feveral Succeffions, Times of fucceeding,
Marriages and Iffue of all the Baronets. Together with the
Form of the Patent of Creation, in Latin and Englith, and
InftruGions of King James, as to their Precedencies, Privi-
ledges, &c. Specimens are to be feen at the Undertakers, T.
Wotton, at the Queens’Head and Three Daggers ag 1init St.
Dunftan's Church, Fleet-Street. N.B. No Subfcriotion is
requir’d, or the Baronet to be at any Expence, all thofe Ba-
ronets that have not already fent in the Account of their
Families, are defir’d to doit by the rft of September next,
for after that Time no Account can be received or inferted.

A SURGEON, who has _praétis'd, for fome time, the Art
of curing Ruptures, either in the Navel, Groin, or Cod,
without the Ufe of any Inftrument, and fo perfectly, that the
infirm Perfon, whether Man or Woman, will never after
have the leaft Occafion for wearing Trufs or Bandage to fup-
port the Part: And the Method of Cure is fo much cafier
than any-yet practis’d, that the youngeft Child may bear it
wi-hout Trouble. You may {peak with the SURGEON e-
very Afternoon, from Three o° Clock till Six, at Mr. Ca-
thie’s in Child’s-Court over-againft Bull-Inn-Court in the
Strand: Where any Perfon that defires it, may fee feveral
People from the Age of 6s down to z Years, on whom there
are the apparent_ Marks of a compleat Cure. A Letter di-
retted to Mr. Cathie, at the Place abovementioned, will
come fafe to Hand, if Poft paid. This Cure is perform'd in
about z Montns, and requires but little Confinement.

W.Rayner, Surgeon, living at the Blue Pofts in Prefton's-
Yard, the lower end of the Minories, the Name Rayner and
golden Ball hanging over the Gate, near LittleTower Hill.

- Hie a {peedy and fafe Cure for the Pox or Clap, with all
its various symptoms, by_his famous chymical Drink,
being pleafant in T’afte, yer effectualin curing that dangerous

Difeafe, which has been the Ruin of Hundreds by falling into

unskilful Hands. I cure (under God) the moft inveterate Pox, :

in 3 Weeks at fartheft, as Ulcers in the Throat, loft Palate,
finking in the Nofe, Phymofis, Paraphymofis, Shankers, pocky
Warts, Buboes, orfwelling inany Part. If your Body be full
of Ulcers and Scabs, in afew DaysI remove all thofe hetero-
genousParticies, taking away all Pains inthe Head, Shoulders
and fhin Bones, fothat this falubrious Liquor reftoresthe Rody
to perfet Health, They that haye made Tryal of it wonder
at the Cures it performs. Thofe who have newly got a Clan,
may entirely depend on a Cure, by taking two or three Dofes
of my venereal Pills or Boluffes, without Hindrance of Bu-
finefs, or it being known to the neareft Relation or Bed-
fellow. I fhall not ufe many Invitations, but rather leave
yon to me Experience, which is beyond all Argument. In
a Word, let your Condition be never fo bad, diftruft not, for
I promife very fair, no Cure no Money. I doany thing in
Suygery. My Pills and Boluffes are ufeful for Sea or Land,
which I have always ready by me. Note, There’s a Light at
my Door in an Evening. : "

- Alterations in Great Bri-

. _ This Day is publifhed; (Numb 4.) 0 | |

*.* The Tranfattions of the fevérul Courcs of Furope ist
the Month o: May, in French ant Eneglifh ; containing,

r. Th: Articley of Peice'f 7. Tae Ceremony of crea-
between the Emperor and {ting of Anignts of the Bath.
Spain. . . 8. The King’s Speech at the

2. An Account of the In- | Prorogaiion of the Parlia-
furrections in Poiand. ment; with the Subftance of

3. The Armament of the [| the Acts then paffed, particu-
Mule wites and Swedes by | larly thofe for the Relief of
infolvent Debtors, and for
difirm nz the Alghlands.

Sea and Land
q. Tue furtherTran ations
of the Lateran Council. 9. The M'nutes of fomeé
s. Sone Trantastions in the | confiderable Debates in both
General A flembly of the Kirk {| Houfes. .
of Scotland. 19. The Arguments of the
6. Promotions and other } Jefnits Advocute again the
{agitrat-es of Thorn.

tain.
Printed for J. Roberts in Warwick-Lane, Price rs. 6d. _
o> “‘Tuctday, Auguit che roth, will be run for on Ware”
wick Courlé, a Gold Tumbler 07 50 Guineas of Valu,
by any Horfe, Mare or Gelling, carrying. 12 Stone Weight,
Bridle and Saddie inc-uded. A> Contribuior to pay one.Gui-
nez Entrance, and nv Contributor to pay four. On Wed
nefday, the rrth, a Plate of 20]. Value, by any Horfe, &c.
carrying ro Sone Weight, Bridle and Sad te included ; the
winning Horfe (if require4) to be fold for 391, On Thuré
day, the 12th, a Plate of rol. Valu:, by Ga!loways, at nine
Stone the highcft; the winning Horie (if required) to be
fold tor zol. The Horfets that run for the firit and fecond
Plates to be fhewn and c.iter’d at the Market- Place that Day
fevennight before they run. The Galloways to be fhewn and
enter’d the Day betore taey run. °.

p Le-tuarium Mirabile: Or, the Admirable Ele&uaty,

2 Which intailibiy cures all Degrees and Symptoms of the

fecret Difeafe, with more Eafe, speed and Safety, than any

Medicine yet pubdlifhed; any old Running, &c. thongh of

feveral Years fcanding, wherher occafioned by an over-ftrain

We:knelfs of the Seminall, or the Relicts of a former Infeétt-

on, is certainly cur'd in a fhort Time, withont a Minnte's

Continement, Sufpicion, orthe Ule of Aftringents; being a

Medicine fo wonderfully pleafant and eafy in its Operation,

that the niceft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may take it

witb Delight: Two Pots are gencrally fufficient to comnleat

a Cure in moft Cates, To be had only ofthe Author Di. Cam,

a Graduate Phyfician, who has publifhed it 20 Years, and is

conftantly to bs advis'd with at his Houfe at the Golden-Ball

and Lamp, in Bow-Church-¥ard in Cheapfide, at half'a Guinea
e rot. ‘

Againftthee VENEREAL DISEASE .
HLF. famous Italian BOLUS, has fo great Succefs in
the Cure of the Venereal Difeafe, that not one of the

great Numbers that daily take it mif ot a perfect Cure; and

though fo very cheap as 2s. 6d. each, yet four Boluffes never
tail to root out and carry off the moft malignant, virnlent,
and obftinate kind of the venereal Difeafe, without Confine-
ment, or making your Cafe known to any; which, ifit fails
to do, the Money isreturned. This great Medicine likewife
deftroys Mercury, and carries it out of the Body, and thereby
relieves thofe unfortunate Perfons who have fallen into bad

Hands in former Cures. [Is to be had only at the Flaming

Sword the corner of Ruffel-Street, over againft Will's Coffee

Houle, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Place is Coun-

terfeit.

I John Rydings, living at the Plough
Alenoufe in Stocks-Market, having been

long afflicted with fore Eyes, which pro-
ceededfrom an extraordinary Cold, fo that

I was in Danger of lofing my Sight, while I lived in this

World, had I not been advifed to apply my felf to Mrs. Ca-

ter, at the Hand and Eye in Caftle-Court in Birchin-Lane,

who, under God, -hath made a perfect Cure in as fhort a time
as could be expected, to the Surprize of all that knew me;
and this I defire may be publifhed for the Benefit of thofe
that may have the Misfortune to want the Affiftance of fo ex-
perienced a Perfon. Given under my Hand the rsth of June.

1725, john Rydings.

Note, She cures without any Inftrument ; and fhe intallibly
cures the Ague, without the leaft_ Grain of Cortex, or that
they call the Jefiiits Bark. Price five Shillings the Vial. No

Letters received except Poft paid.

Tincrore NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordial
Tincture for the Nerves, being an approved, experienced
and never-failing Medicament m linking, languifhing, and
lownefs of Spirits, Palpitation, or Trembling of the Heart, in
all paralitick, foporofe and convu five Diftempers, and in all
Affiétions ot the Head and Nerves; ft inrallibly prevents the
bad Effects of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which oceafions
in moft People the above-mentioned Diforders (with many
more, which you'l fee ar larg? in the Book of printed Dire&ti-
ons) but yet by taking a few Drops of this moft pleafant de
licate Cordial, ig.the srt Dith of Coffee or Tea, you may then
drink at Liberty’; for this great Medicine penetrates through
the whole nervous Syftem, and fo recruits the Brain and Prm-
cordia with a full Influx of exulting Spirits, which periorm the
Bufinefs of viral Function with freth Alacrity, and new Brisk
ne; fo that the Pulfe, which lay-“eeble an wavering, now
falls a beating vigoroutly, and with.great Exatinels; mare-
ever, it wonderfully difperfes Fear, Sadnef, ees ae aonghe: .
Twitchings oc the Legs and Arms, difturb‘d Sieep, andal[th -
difnal Train of Vapours and Melancholy. Itlikewife@- 4
Vomiting, puts off Nauitoufhefs, prdcures a good Aove Qe 4
and is now in great Efteem among Quality of the firtt © <ipn,
Sold only at G. Srrahan’s, Bookfeller, at the Golden =f
Cornhill, over again tus. RoyalpExcuangs, and at | Bay":
Place. Price 23. 6a. 3 Oty

a

 Sn fumei Hendkerchie

Brits Fay, Redford's Toym

J, dit publified, — ;
#4. The Socinian Contieversy aifenfs'd, ia fix Dialegues.

x ’ in eete . -
Whercin toe chier of the Socinian Tracts published or sate,

Years are confideied. 'To which is added, A. Defence of the
fit and lait Dialogues relating to the Satisfaction of Jeflus
Crritt. By Charles Leflie, Chanecllor of the Cathedral of
Connor. ‘he od sdition, with a new Pretace. | _

=. A thort Enguiry into the Loctrine of of the Trinity,
as it isdar down in holy Scripture, Wherein the Errors of
‘Dr. Clarke, relating to thar Subject, are exaniuned and con-
jutcd. Isy George Wade, A.M. late bellow of Chrift’s Col-
jege ; now Vicar of Ganesborough and Prebend of Lincoln.

2. The true Scripture Doctrine of theTrinity; the Evicha-
ritt, and tne Satistaction made for us by our Lord Jefus
Chrift. Wherein ail the Texts in the Old and New Tcita-
ments relating thereunto ; and the principal Paflages in the
Liturgy, and srticles of the Church of England, are col-
ivetea, compared, explained, and vindicated rrom the Krrors
oF Lr. Clarse. — Mil printed for G. Strahan at the Golden
Bal) over-agaihft the Royal-Exchange in Cornhill.

London, July 22, 1725.
ubdlithing tor Keprinting the Works
of the late moft learned JOSEPH BINGHAM, decea-
fed. The whole wiil amount to above goo Sheets. Tt will
make two Volumes in Folio, and will contain his Antiqui-
ties of the Chriftian Church, and all his other Works, which
were formerly printed in 12 Volumes in Oétavo. "The Price
is two Guineas in Quires. ‘Thofe who fubfcrite for fix will
have a feventh gratis” Propofals may be had of the Under-
eiker Robert Knaplock, at the Bifhop’s Hea@ in St. Paul’s
C iwrch-Yard ; of the Bookfellers n London, Weitminfter,
Oxford, Campridge, and in mott of the great Lowns in Eng-
lund. 2Alfo in Dublin and Edinburg. N. B. It is already a-
b.ve half printed, and will certainly be delivered to the Sub-
fcriters before the £nd of Michaelmas Term next. :

‘extifement to all thofe Who ufe Sheet-Lead.

T is sree py all, if we Plumbers could caft Lead exactly

] equal to the thinneft Part of the Sheet, it would be better
able than to be thicker in one Place than in ano-

he Exeefs of Thicknefs is not only an uneceflary
Cirirge paid for, but it makes the Sheet worfe, by its ttronger
yefitting the Sun-Keams, which falling alike on ail Places,
draws up the thinner Parts, when the itronger ftays behind,
and caufes that cockling and crackling thercon, and is cer-
tainly fo mach wore by what it varics from an Equality ;
whereas if Milled Lead be but as thick as the thinneft Pare
of a Caft Sheet, befides its Beauty and Smoothnefs, the Equa-
lity and Solidity is fuikcient to prove it much better than Catt
Lead; befides, there are Crack-biow Holes, and Sand Foles
in Cait Lead, that often happen, and lic concealed with tue
Sheet, not appearing on the Superficies. The general Ufe the
Milia Lead is applied to, plainly fhews its Preference to Catt
Lead. viz. his Majefty’s Royal Navy and Yards, and Grcen-
wich Hefpital ; all the fiity new Churches th:t have been
buiit are covered with Mill’d Lead, the Honourable Com-
mijhoners net wdmitting a Propefal of Caft. It would be
endlcfs to mention what Quantity of Mill’d Lead is ufed on
the Howes o. the Nobility and Gentry, as likewife o11 common
Buildings, &e. ote, John Fincher, Plumber in Swallow
Street agiititt St. James's Chunch by the new Buildings, hath
there an entire Lead Mill to himfelf, and felleth his Mult'd
Lead much cheaper than others, as any onc by fending or
freaking with him, cr his Partner, Jaines Slater Plumber,
mnay be Tully (utisied. ‘The Sizes are from tour Pound to five,
fix, feven, eight oY nine per Foot Square, or any further
Thicknefs, ic being caft an Inch thick, and five Foot wide :
it is delivered any Whereabsut Town free from Charge, having
a Cait for that Purpole: They alfo make Mould Water Pipes,
afier anew Method, ofall Sorts, andexchange for Pig Lead,

i SPECIFICK Tinélure for the TOOTH-ACH, and
a}i Diforders and Detects of the Teeth and Gums whate-
Ver » one Drop of wideh gives inftant Eafe in the moft ror-
menting Pain, and not only takes it away, Jn a Moment,
but abiolutely cures tke Tooth-ach, fo as certainly to pre-
vent its Return. It aijoiutcly preferves the ‘Teeth from
growing rotten, and thote that are 2 little decay’d from be-
coming worlt ; makcs the fouleft Teeth as white as Jvory
at once wing 3 faftens thofe that are loofe, and cures the
Scurvy in the Guns, cwufing them to grow up tc the Teeth
again to Admiration. It is neither difgrecab'e to the
Cel} or Taite, but really preferves the Teeth and Gums
fiom all Manner of Foulness, Corruption, and Purrefacti~
on. and may be depended upon to anfwer the Chay acter here
given of it, litterally, and in evcry Refpect. To be had
ently by the Author s Appo-ntnicnt, of the Gentlewoman
at the ‘Two Riue Pofts in A aydon-Yard in the Minories, at
3s. and 6d. a Bottle, with Die ne Haiv of the Head
ae s Golden ESEENCE for the Hair of the Hea
THE amon oS being the molt charming Perfume in
Nature, and the greatert Prelerver of Hair in the World ;
for it cautcs that of Perriwigsto retain its Beauty, Strength
and Curl ‘as long again as ufnal, and certainly kecps fair
Frair from changing Colour, makes Hair of the Head of
Ladies, ‘and others, become incomparably fine and handfome,
and immediately cafes it to grow thick to Admiration, even
wson Plices that are bald by ts fhedding. It afluredly changes
ged Hair to 2 fine pale Colour, and by its delicious Fragancy
enlivens aif the animal Faculties to < Miracle it alfo per-
Tar rexccHently, ani is now exceedingly e-
Quality of both Sexes. Te be ha only
OD, at the Rot aud Crown, again
ees Church-Yard in the Strand, near sLrundel-
. tuk ‘price zs: andéd.a Bettic with Directions.

Propofals are now p

and more dur
ther, fo that t

'semed by the prime

To be printed by Subfciiption,'

A, New Lexicon and Grammar of the Welih, or ancient
Britith Tongue, with Improyements, adapted to common
Ufe. By W. Gambold, late of Exeter-College, Oxon, and
now Kector of Punchelton, near Haverford Welt, in Pem-
brokeihire. “

The Lexicon confifts of two Parts, viz. Welth-Englith,
and Englifh-Welfh; the former has more leading Words
by two Thirds than Dr. Davies's Welth Latin Dictionary ;
the latter has many more Words and Phrafes than Mr.

_Cole’s Englith Latin Diétionary ; and thoft collected from

the moft'approved Welfh Authors, and from common Ute.

The Englifh Welfh Part, upon Computation, will take
up about 94 Shects; the Welfh Englifh abonr 26, to be
printed in Folio. The whole is propofed to Subfcribers at
Three Half-pence a Shect; but if any choole to fibferibe
for fingle Parts, they muft pay Seven Farthings a Sheet,
Ten Shillings to be paid in Hand for both Parts, or In pro-

ortion for one Part feparately, and the reft upon the De-
ivery of a compleat Copy of the Books in Quires. ;

Thofe who are pleafed to encourage the pubdlifhing of
this Work, (which has been for fome Time ready for the
Prefs) are defired to fend in their Subfcriprions, cither to
the Author at Punchefton, Mr. Kichardfon, or Mr. Thomas
at the Clarendon Printing-Moufe, xon, or to Mr. Down-
ing in Bartholomew-Clofe near Weft-Smithfied, the Au-
thor defigning to put it into the Prefs, fo foon as a futficient
Numher is fubfcribed for.

The Grammar will take up about 8 Sheets, and Is propo-
{zd to Subfcribers at 12d. each in Quires; and 1s now in
the Prefs.

The whole Work having been perufzd, and approved by
feveral Perfons of unqueftionable Skill in the Welfh; the
Author, with greater Affurance, offers it to th: Publics,
and fubmits thefe Propofals to the favourabic Judgment o.
his Countrymen.

The UNIVERSAL FAMILY MEDICINE,
To be taken any Scafon of the Year. It is alfo
Certain and infallible Cure for the SCURVY, of the
longeft ftanding, and the moft aggravated Circumftances,
by a Cordial Elixir, fo peculiarly adapted to that Ditcafe in
all its Forms of appearing, from the jlighteft itching Humour
in the Blood, to its utmoft or laft Effort on human Nature :
It’s not a rugged Purgative that difturbs the Paticnt in ta-
king it, buta true Specifick Cordial, that perfectly cures
that Diftemper by gentle Evacuation, by Stooi and Urine,
and fo powerfully reétifics the Blood and Juices, that {cro-
hulous Cafes are alfo fpeedily cured by it: and all Spots,
lotches, Pimples, &c. on the Skin, are quickly and entire-
ly taken off. It isa Cordial in the Stomach; removes all Pain
from it, helps Digcftion, and is fo particularly adapted to all
Conftitutions, that it is the moft general Family Medicine
that ever was known, to be taken Spring and Fall, to pre-
ferve Health. It hinders no Bufinefs or Recreation in taking
it. Itis fold at the Golden Ball, on Puddie-Dock Hill near
Ludgate-Strect, at 3s. the Bottle. Where good Allowance
is given by Wholcfale to Country Shopkeepers, &c. (one ina
City, or Town) to fell again. The Directions given with it
are largeand full : The Medicine will kcep many Ycars.

WRIGHT’s Diuretick, or cleanfing Tincture.
Ww iia urinally difcharges all the feces or putrid 1elicks of
; the Lunes Alamode, or Venereal Infection, and caufes
its Concommitants, the wretched Train of that complicated
Diftemper, asa mucons, filthy, Janious Matter lodg’din the
Keins, or {permatick Parts, which either canfe a thirpnefs in
the Usine, or too frequently provokesit. This Kelick is
difcoverable, partly by the fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a
Lebility or Weaknefs of the Back, a fetid nanfeous, and
averting Smell of the Urine, with a purulene Matter, or
feculent Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or flying in it, with
Variety of Figures. Farther, this Tincture efpecially carries
off all’ Relicks of the Venereal Difeafc, after il! managed
Cures, not only cleanfing the Urinary Paflages of all S:nd,
Gravel, Films, or menrbraneous Pellicles, &e. but afrer a
fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftoring them, and
all their genital Parts, to their original ‘Tone and Ufe, thongh
the Misfortune and Decay be of the longeft Date, with an e-
qual Suecefs in each Sex. To be had for rcs. per Bottle, with
Lirections for its Ufe, only athis Houfe, the Gaiden Head
and two Launps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill.
The Great Venereal Antidote.

Bex a moft Sovereign Medicine, and very pleafant to

take, which perfectly cures without Confinement ar Dif-
order, all the Degrees of the Venereal Diftafe; with fuch Speed,
Eafe, and Satety, that itisadmired by all. Freth Infections
are cur’d by it in a few Days, and alfo the moft malignant
Clap, or virulent Running of the Keins, with ftoppage of
Urine, Heat or Pain in making Water, Forenefs of the Pri-
vities, and every other Symptom that attend this gricvots
Diftemper, as have been happily experienced by, Hundreds of
Perfons of both Sexes in private Practice, withont any other
Medicine, which can fearcely be fuid of any other Thing be-
fides it felf; it alfo very fafely and Speedily removes all Re-
licks of former Infection, or it] and mifmanaged Mercurial
Courfes, and thus this noble Antidote, which hath not its Fel-
low, fpeedily and {ately cures every Degree of the Venereal
Difeafe, andall the ill Confequences of mifmanaged Mercuri-
al Cowles, by carrying off the Poyfor of the Difeale, and
Mercury, tho’ rooted in the very Bones or Marrow, by very
gentile Evacuation. Soldonly at My. Leckton’s Toyfhop at
the Griffin, the Corner of Bucklersbury in the Poultry.4¢ 6s.
the Pot, with Directions fo plain, that any, though vever fo
remote, may cure themfelves. Two of them are generally c-
nough to cure in moft Cafes.

TY the HUNGARY WATER WARwp.
, HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Comb

a Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage-
Inn on Ludgate-Hill, is fold right French
Hungary Water, being the fame Sort fold
feveral Years paft, and is cafily diftinguithed

ontpelrer, &c. Likewife t

modities are fold at the fame Place, viz.

r Right French Hungary Watcr, at 1s. 3d. the Hal€&Pinr
ottle. ,
Fine Florence Oil, at 2s. per Flask.

Right Irifh Ufquebaugh, at 2s. the Half-pint Bottle.
Fine Orang2-(‘lower Water, at 1s 6d. per Flask.
All Sorts or Leghora and Bermuda Hatts tor Ladies.:
N. B. There is a Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Flask. to
prevent Countcritits. ;

HE moft fevere RHEUMATISM, and °
Pains of the Limbs, &c. wicether find ore indenins
moft certainly eured, foas not to 1cturn again; by ine> ing,
rable Chymic2l Drops, -whica without the leat Trouble”
Diforder, entirely frees the Patient trom that cruel Difes fe OF
a wond:rful Manner ; for they immediately reftore a due and

equal Circulat’ ‘luids, in ti
| Circulat:on to the Fluids, inthe minuteft Canals, by

flectually attenuting and fibduing the f : .
vifeid Matter, that occafions all the Mitchie” inet 1 hat
all manner of Pain, though never {> vio'enr, or of mag Yi a
ftanding, prefently vanifhes, tothe Admiration of Eff ae
have taken them, who could not believe it in the Po whe
Medicine to give fuch firfden, and almoft miracnuion; Terie
till happily convinced by their own Experience Hunan 3
who had been miferably aM@icte! with the Rheamatifin fos
many Yearstogether, and, ater trying mof other Remedi °S,
dsfpured of teing ever relieved, have been almoft inita ae
cuied by thefe moft excellent Urons, which were never %
rauc.) as once known to fail. They are very agreeable to tak .
and for Safety might be given toa fucking Infant witho ¥
Inconvenience. Are fo'd only at Jacob’s Coffee-Honie over
peaintt the Ange! ang Crown Tavern in Threadneedie-ftreet,
chi E ith”
rehind ‘the oya. Excuange, at 3s. 6d. a Bottle, with
Thefe are to inform the Fema'‘e Sex
"Tat the gfitlewoman at the golden ball on puddle dack
hill, near the welt end of St. panl's church hath attain'd
to a very certain, fate, and expeditious way of curing th
many weaknefles and indifpofitions peculiar to thof BS h r
own fex; fuch as barrennefS and mifcarriage in ma ied
women ; the green ficknefs in maids, and many other atic
vous Tilnefles tuat marricd women, widows and maid eare
fubject to, too fedious here to relate. $ are
na little difcourfe with the patients j i
cafes and caufes of illneftes, whether it be bea ecees hs 4
hath many known curable caufes ; the diftinét knowled et f
Which fhe is miftrefs ; feyeral of which caufes are little re-
garded, or not known to the patients, therefore thought j
curable ; or whether mifcarriage, tho’ they have mifcarr nd
many times, both which the cures, thtough the bleffin of
God, by a Very extraordinary method of exceeding faferand
ale fant Medicines, which on many Years Experience have:
een poun labfolutely effettual tor a eat
umbers of Ladies and Gentlewomen of the b i
the Kingiom, in all the above-mentioned Indifpofines e-
culiarto the Sex, Sheisto be advifed with at her Hontt
abovementioned, any Day of the Weer. She alf anfivers
Cafes ftated in Letters fent trom the Country, Poft paid

LAF TEEL Spri * jointed Tr
raf pring or jointed Truffles f
A S Ruptures, eafy to new born Tnfinte: ant ef

Stecl Circumference, of an entire new Invenri
a ven
extraordinary eafy as well as nfefill ; alfo Bag Trot
fes for fix'd Tumors. Verfons in the Country fen-
3 ding their Bignefs, and which Side the Rupture js
a may be fiipplied with the Truffes and proper Dire,
Cylons, By Peter Rartictt, at the Golden-Ball in St. Panl’s:
‘ch-Yar eapfide, London, who alf ivers

ments to hel p the Weak and Lame. Nes divers Inftru-

11s Mother, Mrs. M. Bartlet, at the Golden-B Oy
againft St. Bride’s-Lane, in Ficet-Street, is skilfial in this Bui.
nefs to her own Ses. Her Steel Spring Truffles for Ruptures at.
the Navel, are exceedingly light, eafy and efeétual.

All Sorts of RUPTURES,
URSTEN or broken Bellies, perfeétly cur’d by the Blet=
. fing of God, cither on old or young, in a very little
Time, and fora finall Charge, by two Medicines to be exter-
nally nfed, without any Pain to, or Continement of, the Pati-
ent. Thefe two Remedies necd no other Recommendation
than themielves will manifeft in two or three Days ufing, ha-

‘ving, by their admirable and even aftonifhing Succefs, gain’a

the Reputation they juftly deferve both'in City and Coun

for above the? twenty Years lait paft, after wearing Tr?
fes for many Years, to no Purpof¢: Many Hundreds of all
Agesand Sexes have been cur’d by them, which occafioned
this Publication, for the Good of the Publick, that all fuch
unbappy People may be delivered from the Charge and Slave-
ry of always wearing Trufles. They are feal’dup, at 5 s.the
Parcel, whichis generally fuficient for a compleat Cure, ef:
pecially on a young Perfon,. and is now (fince Mrs. Bradbury
lett off Shonpkceping) fold only by Mr. Sanders, Haberdather
of Small Wares, at the Blue-Ball Toythop in Fenchureh-
Street, near s\ldgate. N.B. It ishy the Uf of an eafy
Trufs, &c. that thofe two external Medicines are applied to
the Part affected, till the Cure is perfected, as will be &en by
the Directions at large given with thein,

LONDON: Printed by NW. AL/ST, in Great Carter-Lane. Z

Swm jij from the pernicious counterfeit Sort fold a-
emmy bout the Town, pretended to be imported’
€ following foreign Com-_

—

perfect Cure on great |

ectual to the Aged; alfo Spring Tinflés without |

Fe
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 31 July 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786140/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 