Pe MIST 's WEEKLY JOURNAL. Wome 4

: SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 4. 1725.

€ -a4 Oe AN + aibre! Bene a re ae
- .
‘

eeceterecraes HAT Kifiing is delightful, all the
Nove Mm) World feems to agree with me in
: eS it. ‘The Poets, who muft be.al-
| lowed to be Men of de! icaro Trafic,
Si and proper Judyes of, fo refin'd a

oi Pleafure — Teak of ic but in
Not the spring's Mouth, nor Breath of
Geffamin, nor Vi'lets infant Saveets, mor op'ning
Beds, ave balf fo fweet as the lov'd fair one’s
-Lips. Sometimes they are compared to Beds of
Rofes, or Bunches of Honey-fuckles : Then (as if they
could eat’em) to plump red Cherries, or ripen d :

'
”

Peaches, If thefe Comparifons are chought too .

extravagant, ‘ic will be, perhaps, by thofe (which
I hope are but few) whofe Spoufes labour under
the Misfortune of the Roman Knight, whofe Breath
swas a little unfavoury ; bur if they are as much

Strangers to any Difference, as Hiftory affures us |
‘his chafte Confort was, they will; at leaft, be in-

fenfible of any Difadvantage: Nor do I queftion
but the good Wives of Great Britain could excufe
themfelves as handfomely to their Husbands, if
they were put to the Quettion, as this Roman La-
dy excufed her felf to her Knight, who, when he
asked her, why fhe had not told him of his Infir-

_mity? very modeftly anfwer’d, That indeed fhe
thought all Mens Breath had fmell’d like his:

Charmolaus, a beautiful Youth of Megara, feems
to have arriv’d .to the very Perfection of the Arr
of Kiffing ; for Lucian, in the Dialogue between
Charon and Mercury, vells us of a- Grecian Dame _

that longed fo much for a Kif of him, that fhe | Sr¥eto Open the Langs, Corroburare the Or5~—— 4 dase foam thie one
thought it worth her whileto. purchafe one, a of Specch, and give 2 due Circulation to the | deavour to conhne and fecure e oe |
Blood, that would otherwife be apt to Stagnate. | Sound, by clofing up every Aperrure or Hole, ag eee

-fingle one, at the Price of two Talents, which is

no lefs than two hundred Pounds Srerling. It

~‘muft needs tafte confoundedly of the Money, nor .

can Lallow any thing that’s mercenary to be a-
grecable ; and uniefs fhe was uglier than Aleéo,
and emitted more offenfive Qdours .than the Cz-
marine Lake, he was very ungenerous in making
fo unconfcionable ‘a Penny of what fhould have
been given gratis. a, _.
; Bur, if on the other Hand, there are any of fo
cold and phiegmatick a Complexion, ds really to
take no Delight in Kiffing, to fuch let me, at
Jeaft, recommend it as Wholfome. It chears and
invigorates the Heart, railes and exlitlarares the
Spirits, chafes away the Spleen, difperfes the
Vapours; in fhort, repeated Experience has
rov'd it to be one of the nobléft: Cordials in the
World. ‘Tis likewife of gxcellent Ufe’ in Chi-
rurgery ; what wonderful Cures have been per-

-form’d by that fovereign Balfam, Lip-Salve : How
‘many Cuts and Bruifes, fcalded.and burn’d Fin-

wets have been -kifs'd and madewe ! Nay, a Salute
Fas its Denomination froma Word whicl fignifies
Health, and it is evan ‘Tautology . to fay, th t a Sat
luce is f4latary. But it isnot only ufeful in extra-

fair Corref pondems will not be backward in giv-

ing their Affiftance towards compleating the De-
fign, but frankly communicate their Sentiments
upon a Subye& which they muft be acknowledged
to underftand much better than |
“Their and your humble Servant,
PHIL. OSCULUS.

Mr. MIS 7, _ Aug. 25. 1925.
I Am anold plodding Fellow, thar often im-
ploy my Thoughts for the good of my Fel-
low Creatures, efpecially the en Part of ’em,
Whenever therefore I fee any Thing indecent in
a fine Woman, Irakethe Alarm, and fall natu-
rally a proje&ting in Defence of her Honour.
. The Blemify that offends me at prefent is, the

moft deform’d Ingredient that.can enter into the

Charaer of a perry Woman ; and when it ap-

pearsin one of the ordinary Part of the Sex, is

call’d Scoldine. :
I don’t by this Word mean thofe Differences

of Opinions and little Jarrs that happen often be-

tween the Wife ard her Husband, nor thofe Ad-
monitions and Inftruftions thar difcreec Miftref-
fes beftow now and then on their Servants. Thefe
petty Alterations Iam fo far from being an Enc-

ny to, That under a proper Regulation I think
‘em the moft ufeful Appurtenances to a Family.

They are abfolutely neceffary for fetling the
Limits of conjugal Authoricy, and are ac. the
fame Time very conducive’ to Health, as they

You fee, Sir, I am not for Jaying afide Family
Difputations ; they are neceffary Exercifes. and
good Prefervatives of Health : It is the inadver-

test Seafon only and the wrong Manner of Ladies

taking thefe Exercifes thar I am offended ar.

_ Tcannor fufficiently exprefs the Concern I was
in a Day or two ago, when [ heard ‘an agreeable
Dame of my Neighbourhood manage an Houfe-
hold Conference with her Maid in fuch a vulgar
as well as open expofed Manner, as gave me
great Offence; both of them carried on their Ar-

gumentations with fuch Eagernefs and Vocifera- |.

tion, thar all che Neighbours and Street were in
an Uproar. Family Weakneffes and little Mi-
ftukes were laid-in open Wiew, and not one of
the Auditors, or rather Spe&arors, but was per-
fetly acquainted’ with the Secrets of the Hou-
fhold. ‘Tuis horrid Behaviour put me almott
beyond my ufual Patience, becaufe the foolith
Part of it might have been hid from the World

by a very little Share of Condu&. Had Madam,

on her frit. perceiving the Fit coming upon her,
only, pu

been well. ne
Mr. Mift, there’s a great. deal more in’keep-

. dian of ——
1 upon will ferve indifferently any other Part of this fa.
I'd down the Saftes and out the Door, aV had

From this Experience of mine T take‘ che Li-

berty, or rather am under ‘an: Enjunétion, ro re-

commend to all Ladies who find rhemf{elves Syh- -

je& to Vociferation, that before they enter on
any Argumeut with their Menials (cfpecially with
their Spoufes, which happens quite as often, ) they

in Imitation of the wifeft Senators, order the Sa.
thes to be put down, the Doors tobe fhur, and the

Keys, if ‘tis a material Debave, to be laid-on the -

Table. ‘Fhe. very Formalicy of this will sive:
Weight to the Debare, and Abigail will. Litten (for
a Time at leaft) with Reverence. ~Fifty Words
lxid out-this Way, will do more than five Thou-
fand can do when the Windows and Doors are
open. | } :
Now, tho’ the Authority of my grey Hair
Obfervation of more than fixty Vears and my
known Concern for the Sex, are, of -themfelves
fufficient to introduce this fhort Pretcript of font.
ting the Doors and Wirdows into Pra&tice and Vogue;
Yer, becaufe the Ladics ought to be fatisfied én
every Thing, I will, for once, infrw& them in
the Philofophy of my prefent Le@ure: the ra-
ther, becaufe it givesmea good Occdfion to thew
my great Learning. Sound then, as ‘the great
Derekam has it, (I muft quote Some-botly or other,
elfe wha fignifies my Learning ?) Sound thén,;
fays Dereham, is of an undulating diffufive Nature,
coveting to creep out at every Hole: There
when the Objed- of this Sound, (iz. e. oka

Maid to be fcolded at) is within Doors, it fol -

much as youcan. When it meets with Oppéfi-

tion ac the Doors and Windows, (which it muft -
do when they are fhut) it returns with double

Force on the Timpanum of Abigail’s Ear: So a-
gain, Abigail’s Quail-pipe reverbcrates ‘with ad-
ditional Strengzh on her Lady’s, and gives her as
good as fhe brings. ‘Thus the whole Sound and

~ Mufick becomes their own. They agree again
or part, as they fee beft, without expofing tlem-
felves to the whole Srreet,
is the Grievance that I would hereby provide

Q. E. D. which

caintt. | |
I fhall only add, that on the Foot of ‘this

Advice, I have lately, by vaft Study and Appli-

cauication, invented a little mufical Machine, ve-
ry ufeful for znproving Family Harmony , which,
much afrer the Manner of the fweting Stop'in'an
Organ, fhews the moft proper Time for eléva-
ting and depreffing the Voice at thefe domeftick
Entertainments. “Tis c2lculated for the Meri-
, but, with very little Alteration,

mous City. When my Patenr for the fulé“iha-

_king’and’vehding jt' is‘ fally pafs'd (and it. daly
' waits the’Seals) I fhall give further Notic8?""' —

ordinary Cafes, but may Contribute, perliaps, as, | Myf | a, gr _ more 11 At
oh tothe daily Nronethient of ns Body,. as | ing ones Windows and Doirs fbut, then the World Tum, SIR, °°
| ‘imagines: By a due Obfervance’ of this one lit- “Yours, &e.! 5

any the moft fobftantial -Food...It-feems to me,
that Bread’ and’ Cheefe and Kiffing are named

rogether. for.this Reafon,’ bepaufe the lacter is | ving a.B008 <
fuppofed to-be!as.good .a Support as the. former, |, Veins, and, .a 7
ant cives double Strevgihi'ra the’ Seaff of Life ; | maintained che Chard@er, of a. pegceable levitig
and. tho! this may- fee” t6, foxe-but'a flight Sore! | Couple ypwards of 50 “Years. When [fee a

ane 4)

"¢

a*

tle Particular, I who am naturally hafty, as ha-
ving a,good deal‘ of the old Briti/ “Blood in my
, Hib as fnappith as ty felf, have.

maintained the Charaéter, of a_peaccable loving

of ‘Suftetance, yet-T:heartily. with. thar neither I,. | Storm gathering, like .a pood “Sailor, “I lower:
nor any other good. Chriftian, may ever ‘want @
Meal of it. ae .
_-“Thus. Ihave touched: tipon’: fome few, of the
- Heads mentioned in thé -Profiofals ;-I- hepe your!

my Sathes and ‘make ail

aft.;, thus we become’
fnug and) ready for the clofeft Debate, and tiow-
“ever. noify we ase within Doors,’ the whdle Affair

me 8 ee om,

FOREIGN AFFATRS,
About Perfid we have’ nothing to: add ‘to‘our

- Taft, but what’ fome Accounts de pretend, that

after tHe Death of' Miriweis the young Sophi wataseac?
_ reihftated’in the’ Sovereignty; an Article we cae EV F534 S
not gise into, till we fee it confirmed by Sir \s=

next Advices, which we impatiently exped. - Vee £3

1%
we

. fay . . oes \ “es Vicas . vee Ot!
> gee A ad erte saad di ttle ttl ---nplea ae Wl SL

 King Staniflaus, who is to refide in France rift

fomething offers more favourable, is arrived at a

Seat of the Duke d’Antins, near Fontainbleau.:
"When he took his Farewel of his Daughter at

Strasburg, he made a fine Specch full of the no-
‘bleft Sentiments, wherein he particularly defir'd
. her not to meddle with Affairs of Stare.

They flatter’A themfelves at Vienna, that a War
between France’ and Spain was unavoidable,
which they grounded upon fome Exp effes they
Ik received from Madrid and Lisbon : On che
‘other Hand, Letters from Paris affirm, thar a

"Treaty was a€tually concluded between the Com- .

miffioners of the two Monarchs the 3oth of July

Jaft, on the Frontiers of Spain, and waited ouly °

to be ratified by their Majefties. _ ,
Laft Week the Gentlemen of Abington in Berks
agreed with Mr. Jordan, the Organ Builder, for

a large Organ to be fet up in the great Church cf

St. Hellen’s there ; and‘1t is expeted the fame
will be an excellent Inftrument, from the well-
known Abilities of the Maker. .

Dublin, Aug. 24. At the laft Affizes at Dun-
dalk in the County of Louth, Juhn Fallon, Wil-
liam Heany, Peter King, and Richard Mac
Girk, were try’d and cenvifted for riotoufly af-
fembling themfelves with feveral other Perfons
unknown at Balloughwater in the faid County,
and affaulting Mr. Fieldingwye, Surveyor, while
they were on his Majefty’s Service, in the Ex-
ecution of their Duty, in order to prevent and
dete& the running of Goods, for which Oifence
the faid. Perfons were fevyerally fined sol. a Picce,
and committed to Goal till paid.

Dublin, Aug. 26. The Hon. Mr. Edgcomb,
Vice-Treafurer of this Kingdom, is arrived here
from London, upon Matters of the greateft Im-

is Nation.
portance to this Nation eee rimary “TEAL E WHS

=~ Jately tayen at Kelp, and. fent to Edinburg, un-

der a Guard, being charged with having a great
hand in the Tumult here. Search is alfo making
here for fome more of the Ringleaders, but ris
thought they are gone over to Ireland. Our Ma-
giftrates and Council have been extraordinarily af-
fembled to confider of u Letrer fent them from the
Lords juicer, and to draw up an Anfwer thereto.
wo Letters to our Magiftrates and 'Town-
Council have been printed and publifhed, where-
in the Author difcovers the Zeal of a true Citi.
zen, advifing, among many other Things, to
throw off all Parties of great Men, and to let
the good Town of Glafgow be their Parry ; and
concludes with the following Poftferipr, —— * An
“« Afs being overloaded, hung her Ears, and as
“ fhe was travelling along fome Diftance before
“* her Maiter, a Horle meets her, and asks, Why
‘€¢ fhe was fo caft down; Oh, fays the A/s, My
«¢ Burden is heavy, and what can I do! Do, fays
© he Horfe? Kick; upon that the Afs kick’d,
“© overthrew her Burden, and run off from her
«¢ tyrannical Mafter.”
Edipburg, Aug. 28. The Brewers havirfg left off
their Trade, the Guard at the Cannon-Gate has
“been increafed ; in the mean Time the Brewers
_ of the feveral Villages in this Neighbourhood fend
their Drink to the City on the prefent Occafion.
At a Seffion of the Juftices for confidering of this
Affair, nine of the Brewers were fummoned to
attend, and being required. to. carry on their
Trades, refufed ; whereupon they , were fined
doyble Duties to be levy’d upon them by Diftrefs,
and Mr. Cave, who is Engraver to the Mint, and
has a Brewery in this City, with Mr, Cleghorn
and three more, is committed Prifoner in the
Talbooth. But two of all the Brewers here con-
tinuéd Trade, fo that there began to be fome
want of Drink; but ’twas expected that fevera]

eee

-and,

three Burglar
Beily,-and a jury ;

-

others, terrify'd by the Examples abovemention‘d,
erfwaded by their Friends, would comply
wich the Terms.of the A&.

Invernefs, Aug. 22. The Malfters here about
have at length permitted the Officers to take Ac-
count of their Stock in Hand, and.agree to pay
the Duty. General Wade who is preparing to
advance further, has received feveral civil Mef-
{ages from the Highland Chiefs.

Maidffone, Aug. 3Q. One Evening laft Week
three Men were attacked by three Foot Pads,
between Gravefend and Meopham, who robbed
them of about 71. they ftripped one of all his
Cloaths, and fhot his Mare dead on the fpot.

Norwich, Aug. 24, Several. Robberies on the
Highway have been committed hereabouts, in
the Day time, by a Gang of three Highway Men,
(ince the Prifoners were difcharged at our Affixes ;
and a Malt-Houfe near Martham has been fired
and burnt tothe Ground, with all rhe Malt to the
Value of 5001.
| LONDON, September 4.

Laft Tuefday iii the Evening the Seffions end-.

ed atthe Old Baily, when the feven following
Malefa&tors received Sentence of Death, viz.
Elizabeth Brown, alias Ruffel, for Felony, in
privarely ftealing Goods from the Houfe of Jehn
Farnel ;
ftexling Money, Value 61. from Richard Green.
William Grey for Felony, in privately ftealing
Goods, Value 151. out of a Warehoule of Wil-
liam Saunders’s. James Clif'and John Price
for Felony and Burglary, in breaking into the

‘Houfe of the Durchefs of Leeds, and thence

ftealing certain Gouds. Thomas Woolridge for
Felony and Burglary, in breaking into the Honfe
of Elizabeth Fell, Widow ; and John Little for
j Hizabeth Ruifel.. pleaded. her
rar atrons being impanell'd,
brought in their Verdi& not with quick ‘Child.
Burnt in the Hand 5, viz. Captain’ Delegall
for killing the Bailiff’s Follower; and Henry
Norris a Player, for killing Henry Goddard a-
nother Player, and 3 former Convids.
Ordered for Tranfportation 56.
John Calcur being indi&ed for ftealing a Cask
from Mr. Ambrofe the Brewer ; Herbert Willi-
ams his Journeyman, who gave Evidence againft
him, was committed to Newgate, and order’d to
be profecuted for Perjury. — | :
Mr. Cockrell, a Gentleman of Gloucefter Ci-
ty, worth 1400 |. per Annum, having lately
marrp’d one Mrs. Abigail Cole, who was fet up
for a Weft-Iudia Fortune, poflefs’d of a Planta-
tion in Berbadoes worth t1ool. per Annum, and
other fine Things, being drefs’d and deck’d in
2 Manner anfwerable thereto ; but proving to
be only a Servant Maid wirhout any Fortune at
all, he indifted Mrs. Gregory, fen. and Mrs.
Gregory, jun. for a Confpiracy in perfwading
and inducing him, &c. to marry her, the fame.
was.afy'd on Monday at the Old Baily, and af-

ter hearing Council Jearned in the Law on both’
: Sides, the Jury without going out of Court acquit-
The fame Day about 3 or 4.8 Clock in the E-

1

veing, during the Hurry of the Seffions, 12 Can-
vidts that lay for 'T'ranfportation, and rwo others

that, lay for Fines, found an Opportunity to cut

the Chain that: faften’d the main. Door. on the.

. Common Side of Newgate, and to make their
' Efcape, the Lock‘and &

: be mended ‘ahove 19 Days before ; and if the’
lower Door had not been immediately fecured,-
many more would have'efcap'd, and hada Goal.

eys having been fent to

Delivery theirown Way. , ,
Laft Tuefday the Rt. Hon. the. Earl of Oxford

fer our for his. Lordfhip’s Seat ar Brampton’ Bryan"

Jane Wilkinfon likewife for Felony, for.

in Herefordthiré, being attended out of Towa |

with a great Retinue, - |
_ Latter End of laft Week a Footpad, drefi'd

in a white Frock and white Apron, robb’d three |

Women in the Fields becween Newingron Town
and Newingtou-Green; and foon after robb’d a |
Gentlewoman and her Maid in another Field #1 |
joining. . |

O..e of the Ships lately loft in Yarntouth Roady

‘was commanded by Martin Sorge, bouud froat

Stockholm to London, with tooo Barrels of. Tir
on Board, the Matter and Men were all drewn'd.

We hear from Norwych, that on the Beginning
of laft Week a Malt-Houfe at Ormsby took
Fire, and was burnt to the Ground, and, ic was
fuppofed to be a malicious A€tion, the Fire ha-
ving appeared at three feveral Places at it’s firit
breaking out.

Concerning Lunatick or Melancholy Perfons.

; A‘b Perfon that nas Friend or Relation (of the temale Sex)
afflicted, with Lunacy, may have them treated with the
ereateft Care and Lenity, where there is a large Garden,
good Air, and a very ple.fant Situation, not far trom Lon-
on, ‘They are attended by Nurfes or Servants of their o vn
Sex; no Man-Servants being allow of. Tiere is likewife’
good Accommodation, wt an eafy Rate, for Women-Luna-

.ticks or melancholy Perfons, who are deem‘d or thovgiit in-

curable,’ Enquire at the Golden Key near the Penny-Polt

‘Orvfice in Ceatapher's Church-yard, ° Threadneedie-Stiect,

néar the Royal-
N. 8.
Houfe.

W Boreas Mary Fifth, Wife of Philip Fith, living at Qld
; Brentford, inthe Parith of Ealing, Middlefex, eloped
from her fiid Husband, on Saturday Aug the rath of this in-
(tant: ‘Thefe are to defire all Perfons not to give her any
Credit, for thac he, theftid Phitip Fit, will not pay any
Debts the thali contract atter the Publication hereof.

T ost about a Month fince, between Deptford and Lon-,
A1 don, a large d rk fallow colour’d Lurcher Dog, having a
Rob Tail, with his great Teeth before brokz; he isto be
known by his of.en bringing a Knife: off of a Table at Meal.
Times without bidding, Sioectally to Strangers.
brings him (or gives Inte.ligence {o that he may be had ag
to the Nags shead on Tower-hill, fhall have ros. Reward,
and reafonable Caavges, ,

change, and know farther.
No Men Lunaticks are entertained at the fame

vcr
in)

This is to inform the Curious,

HAT on board a Barge, near the flouting Tavern (com-

monly call'd the Folly) againft Somerfet-Honfe, is to
be fee1 the SEA-DOG, or DOG-FISH, lately brought from’
Greenland, in one of the Honourable South Sea Company's
Ships. It has a Head and a Neck like a Dane Dog, with
Whiskers like a Leopard ; has two fore Fect, with Claws lite
a Dog, but webb'd likea wild Fowl, his Body full and plum,
and his two hinder Legs, each of which he fpreads near 2
Foot wide, are join’d to his Tail ; is alfo hiiry, and beanti-
fully fpotred, fo that it is gilow’d by all that: have fven:
It, to be the greateft Curiofity of the Kind ever feen in
England.  N.B. This Barge is commodioully contriv'd for
fhewing this admirable Creature, having a Ciftern in the mi-
dle, and good Conveniences all round for the Spectators vicw-
ing it with Eafe ; ic will be thewed to Onc as well asa Hun-:
Dang and is fo tame that Ladies may {te it without Fear or
W sicreas :n Mift’s Weekly Journal, on Saturday the 20th
| of February 1725, as alfo in other apers of the fame
date, and fince, is advertis’d a powder lately imported, which?
im every refpect tullv anfwers the uf of Coffee, and there be-
ing a larger demand:-than was expected, feveral perfons went:
Without; care will be taken. for the future to prevent they
like, a large parcel being juft arrived exceeding fine and good,,
which may be tafted at the firft houfe on the left hand in Re'l-
Savage-Yard on Ludgate Hill up one pair of Stairs, where’
any <Quantity may be had at 2s. 6d per pound. N. B. No lef:
than one pound is fold; it will anfwer without mixture of
Cotte, and ‘hath been much approved on fince the Adver-
tifement. = a
R Obert Bond Servant to Samuel Brown, Ship Carpenter,

living at Woolwich went away from his Mafter about 2
Month ogo, a pretty full fie'd La , but pale, he has his own’
fhort Hair, he hag R.B. on one of his Hands, he wears 2
fultian’ Frock: Any one that takes him up thall -have a
Guinea Reward. ~ |

W Hereas ames Crump, of the Parifh:of Dartford, in
VY Kent, being.miffing by. his Friends fince Auguft the’
24th, 1725, andhas not been fince heard of; he is a lufty frefh
colour'd Man, having on a brown fuftian Frock ; but wehave °
ftrong Sufpicion ‘to believe that he is ftroling in fome Part
of St. ‘Olave’s in the Borough, Southwark, by Reafon of his .
great Coat being found in the Watch-Houfe of the fuid P:-

' rifh, he being a Lunatick: Ifany Perfon will fecure him, and.”

bring him to his Friends at Dartfordaforefid, fhall have a
very handfome. Reward. :
, On- Monday Augaft the goth. .

HE Sale of the Library of the Reverend Mr. Archiea«

_ conBillingfley be ins, at his late Dwelling-Houfe at Rey-
gate, in Surrey, an
. Ete fold off oe

sro} «fb

will continue there till all che Books.

 i, | nee

_ South-Sea Stock is 123. Bank 198, 4° Schs.
India 175, 175+ Africtin’ 13, 7 Sthiss .« oS

ADVERTISEMENT &§
Ugnit z, 1725, about 3 Years paft a Gentleman reading 1n
A + ay Advertifements of the meny and great Cures of the

ROPSY pertorm’d by Mrs. KNELL of Middle-Screet,
Oi th-Fair, near Weftfimithfield ; the Gentleman enquir’
. of feveral whom fhe had cur’d, and found the fame to be true ;
‘he having the faid Diftemper, apply d to her, and fhe, un-
der God, made _a wonderful Cure on him in a little Time. En-

wire at the Horfé-Ferry, in Great Chelfea, of Mr. JOHN

UILFORD, and you may be fatisfied of the Truth hereof.

The two following remarkable Cures were alfo very lately
perform’d by the faid Mrs. KNELL, viz.

I. Thomas Barron, Silk-Dyer, of Black-Swan-Alley, near
Queen-Hithe, Thames-Street, who, after a great Expence in
tr ing other Remedies, tono Purpofe, receiv'd a perfect Cure.

1. John Stokes, of Lamb-Lane, in Church-Srreet, Green-
with, recommended by a Perfon of the fame Town, who was
cur’d by the faijexcellent Remedy; whichis to be had only
at the Place aforcfaid. ——~- N.B. The dangerous Condition
thefe two Perfons were in, they and feveral of their Neigh-
bours are ready to atteft.

uft publifhed, the fixth Edition of ,

*.* An Effay of HEALTH and LONG LIFE, by
George Cheyne, M. D. and F. R. S, Printed for G. Stra-
han at the Golden-Ball, over-againft the Royal-Exchange in
Cornhill, and J. Leake, Bookieller at Bath. Price's s.

, Where may be had,

I. An Effay of the true Nature and due Method of trea-
ting the Gout ; together with an Account of the Nature and
Qu ility of Bath Waters, the Manner ef ufing thein, and the
Diicafes in which they are proper ; as allo of the Nature
and Cure of moft chronical Diftempers, not publifhed before,
the sth Edition revifed. °

“Ii. Anew Theory of acute and flow continued Fevers,

wherein befides the Appearances of fuch, and the Manner of
their Cure oceafionally, the Structure of the Glands, and the
Manner and Laws of Secretion, the Operation of purgative,
yymative and mercurial Medicines, are mechanically ex-
plained : To which is prefix’d, An Effay concerning the Im-
provements of the Theory of Medicine. ‘The 3d Edition,
with many Additions. a es ce
III. The philofophical Principles of Religion, natural and
revealed, intwo Parts; The firft containing the Elements of
natural Philofophy, and the Proofs of natural Religion: The
fecond Part, containing the Nature of Infinity: Together
mith the philofo hick, yrinciples of: revealed KXeligion. All
by the fame Author. “ , |
| ROPOSALS for printing by Subfeription, R
* * PROPO .S for printing by cription, R eve-
* Fendi admodum in Chrifto Patris, SAMUELIS PARKERT,
Enifcopi non ita pridem Oxonienfis, de Rebus fai Temporis
Commentariornm Libri Quatuor, e. Codice M. S. ipfius
Authoris manu ciftigato, nunc primum in lucem editi,
. ‘This Book contains 2 great deal of curious Hiftory and
Obfervation, relating not only to the Affairs of Great Bri-
tain and Ireland, both Ecclefiaftical and Civil, buc of
Enrope, fo far as domeftick Tranfactions and Events ha
an Influence on the Intercfts of foreign Courts and Coun-
tries: And it will clearup many Things, in which other mo-
dérn Hiftorians are cither miftaken or defective. Ie gives
the Reader a View ofthe fecret Motiveson which Meaftres
were taken by Men ofall Denominations; it hag many par-
ticular Chara+ters of Men of Note, and defrves to be read
by atl ingenuous Perfons that have read another jate lear-
ned Prelate’s Hiftory of his own Times, _ so
Subfcriptions are taken in by C. Rivington at the Bible
and“Crown ‘in St. Panl's Church-Yard, &. Clements, Book-
feller in Oxford, C. Crownfield, Bookfeller in Cambridge,
F. Hildyard, Bookfeler in York, J. Waghorn, Bookfeller in
Furiam, and J. Leake, Bookfellerin Bath. —
CTOLEN from Sir Rebert Clarke’s at Snailewell near
New-Market in Cambriigefhire, on Friday the goth of
July taft, a large Spanifh Pointer, his Head of a dark Li.
wer-colour, and his Bod H Liver-colour fpotted ; he hunts
Fatt, points true, and will anfwer to the Name of Ranger.
“Whoever brings him*to Tho. Hope at the Ram in New-
Market fhall receive one Guinea Reward, or ‘whoever will
difcover who ftale the Dog, fo that he can be conyitted of
th: fame, fhall receive five Guineas, to be paid by the faid

Tho. Hope. ;
"WHEREAS Mary Langhom, Wife of Edward Lang-
_VV ‘hom, living in Anchor-Street in Pednal-Green Ham-

Jet, clored from her aforefaid Husband. This is to defire

‘all Perfons not to truft her any more, for that he the faid

Edwara Langhom will not pay any Debts fhe shall contract
after this Publication. ; .
- This Day is publifhed

_*," A New TREATISE of LIQUORS, wherein the
UF: and Abufe of Wine, Malt-Drinks, Water, &c. are par-
ticutarly @onfidered in many Difeafes, Conffitutions, and
Ages; with the proper manner of ufing them, Hot or Cold,
; ejther as Phyfiek, Diet, or Bath. Containing plain and ea-
. fy-Rules for the Prefervation of Health, and the Attain-
* ment of Long Life. The whole being a roll Determination.
of all that hath lately been publifi'd on thofe Subjetts, tho’
chiedy contrary to the Opinion of Dr. Chyene, Dr. Ronfe,
Dr. Short, Mr. Smith, Loinmius, Vander Heyden, Dr. Han-
cock, and others. By JAMES SEDGWICK, Apothecary
at Stratford-le-Bow. — Printed for Charles Rivington. at the

‘Bible and Crown in St, Panl's Church-Yard. Price 5 s.
Where alfo may be had, ;
Or. Strother’s Effay on SicknefS and Health, <4 Edition,

. Fy Aring en a new Map of Middletey, rfies and
fordihire, made from:an attual Suryey thereof, under-.

' Gouge -at the-Caflle in W

afflicted with a fore Leg, and
grievonfly tormented therewit

tothe World,

‘THE Manor Hout, call'd Tuttham-Hall, in the Parith:
A of Weft-Farley in the County of Kent (within four Mile’

_ Pafture and Meadow Ground about the

_ Ponds well ftored with

ae .O. an Tae ea Se A tad rel Pe ito Te tel)
Pe ‘ *% 7 + wl ri *

. 10, 1785.
Hert-

taken by John Warburton, Efq; Mr ‘Jofeph Bland, and Mr.
Payler myth 3 andthe faid Map being laid before us by the
faid’ Mr. Smyth, as perform’d by.him ani the faid Mr.
‘Bland: We the underwritten Petfons do certify, that we
have examin‘d the faid Map ‘in the feveral Parts within our
refoective Knowledge, and do find the fame to be very care-
fully and accurately perform’d ; as witnefs our Hands, |
S. Molyneux |
Edmond Halley, Aft. Reg,
games Bradley, Aft. Prof. Savil,
-. ., , W.Lerham, Kettor of Unpminter, F. R. S.
This is to give Notice that the Map of” Middilefex, Effex,
and Hertfordjhire, is delivered to Subfcribers by Mr. Jofeph
‘Bland, at his Honfé on Peter’s-Hill negr Doztors-Commons,
and Mr. Payler Smyth at his Chambers, No. 2, in Holborn-

Court, Gray’s-Inn.

LRIDAY Auguft 6, hired at the Crofs-Keys Ale-Houf€
in Blackman-Street, Southwark, a thick plain Road

te, fa'l aged, of a dark brown Colour, fome few white
Hairs on one of her Heels behind, her Mane cut off all the
way to her Withers, hired by a Sea-faring Man, the Man
of a middle fize, Pock-tretten, in SeaeMat*s Habit. Who-
ever hath this Mare and detaineth her from the Owner James
pendall, at the Crofi:keys abovementioned, be it to their
HE Powder’ which has met with fuch a general Appro-
bation from Multitudes of People, anfwering in all
Refpects fully the Ufe gf Ceffce, having had a very large
Demand, the Quantity then imported not being fufficient
to anfwer. the gréat Call, fo that many Cuftomers could nct
be fupplyed, Care is taken, that none for the future be
difzppointed a large Parcel being juft arr yed exceeding
fine, and right flavoured 5 to be had at_the tirt Houfe on
the lefc Hand in Rell Savage-Yard on Ludgate-Hill, made
up in quarter, half, or whole Pounds, at 2s. 6d. per Pound.
Its Quality is extraordinary, and needs no Mixture, being
dzank entire, and approve ‘by the moft judicious; It adds
to the beft, and makes that whch has lolt its Flavour per-
fectly freth.

THE beft Water in the World, fo catl’d by thofe who have
experienc’d it to be fo for the Itch, or any itching Hu-
mours. It hath been taken inwardly forthe King's-Evil. It
is god to cure fore Eyes, or any other Sores, Uicers, or Vie
ftulas; it has preferved feveral from having their Limbs cut off,

when all other Means have failed. Sold by the Perfon that .

makes.it, at the Sign of the Green Canifter next to the Dog
and. Bear Inn at London Wall near Little Morégace, wha ts
the Origina) and only Perfon that can make it. Soldby Mr.
eftminer-Hal!l, Mr. Radford's
Toyfhop at the Rofe and Crown ovet-againit St. Clement's
Chureh- Yard in the Strand near Arundel:ftreet, Mr. Raw'sat
the North Entrance of the Royal-Exchange, over-againft Bar-
tholomew-Lane, Mr. Stewart Bowyer, Rookfeller, under Ald-
gate Church over-againtt the Minories, Mr. Fan, Bruthmaker
in St. Mary Ax. N.B. Ithasno Smell. Priez rs. 6 d. each
Bottle, with printed DireStions how to ufe it. What is fold
elfewhere cannot be depeaded on, being couaterfeited.

WHEREAS { Elizabeth Juftice, lodging at Mr. Cle-
} ment’s near the Watch-Houle in Well-Clofe-Square,
Wapping, have been many Years, every Spring and Fall,

rticularly this laft Year, fo
| ; , that ‘twas the Opiniog of
the moft ableft Phyficians, and Surgeons, that the fame was
incurasle, and ought to be tut pff to prevent Mortificati-
on: This is thereiore to fatisfy the World, that having
heard of the Fame of Dr. Atton‘s Excellent Stiptier, I am
by the Bleffing of God and the Ufe theresf perfeetly reco-
ver'd,. which the Charity I owe to my Neighbours, and the
Juftice due to this Excellent Kemedy obliges me to publith

| & JUST]

CE,
. Tobe Let

of Maidftone, and 10 of Tunbridge-Wells) containing ro or
twelve Roomson 2 Floor, ready turnifhed, with three Aeres
of Gardening, all p'anted with the teft and choiceft Fruits,
moft of the Gardening being wall’d in, and planted with
beautifnl Greens now in Perfection, together with convenient
Stable and Coach-houfe Room, witha Barn for Hay and all
other Convenience, and fifteen or twenty Acres of very good
e and oufe, and a greater
Quantity (if reqfiired) as alfo the Royalty of the Manor,

and near three Miles command of the Fithing on the River

Medway, lying before the faid Seat, there being feveral Fith

Mr. North at Weft-Farley aforefuid, or Mr. Mat. Cocket at
the Golden Batlin Deaneftreet in Fetter-Lane, and yon may
know further,

September

m

PROPOSALS are now publithe
of the late moft learned and judicious Mr. Jofeph Ring-
ham deceafed. The whole will amount to above goo Sheets.
It ‘will make two Volumesin Folio,-and will eontain his
Antiquities of the Chriftian Church, and all his other Works
which were formerly printed in twelve Volumes in Odtavo.
The Price is two Guineas ia Quires. Thofe who fubferibe
for’6, will have a 7th gratis. Propofa's may be had of the

. Undertaker Robert Knaplock, ‘at the Bifhop’s Head in Sr.
- Paul’s Church-Yard, o

i ff the Baokfé.lers in London, Weft+
minfter, Oxford,.Cambridge,; and in moft of the great Towns
in England, aifo in Dublin and Edinburgh. N.B. It is al-
rea above half printed, and will certainly be delivered to

ubforibers before the End of next Micbaelmas Term,

all paralitick, foporofe and convulfive Diftem
Affi

Fit, and no Houfe in the County
_ better fupply’d with excellent Water. Enquire of the Rev.

3, 1735- | Wheezing. Nothing exceeds this admirable Juleo, for by open-
ed for reprinting the Works
)

‘fa prevents Confimptions, Ulcers or the

TOLEN or ftrayed on the 20th of laft Atguit, One of
St. George's Fields, a brown Horfe, mark ‘d with J]. W.
e J. upon his near Buttock, and the W. wWoon his off. Bute
tock, has twa white Feet behind, has a {with Tail, and
mealy Mouth, mark’d upon his near Shoulder wirh. St.
Georges-Field's Mark. Whoever brings him to Mr. Ward;
Gardiner, in Horf:monger-Lane at Stones End in the Pa-
rifh of Newingtoa-Butts, fhall bave two Guineas Reward.

, ‘[ Blizabeth Myers, Wife of William
Myers, Weaver, living in ane of the
ten Houtes in Coverley'’s Fields in Mile

End New Town, having the Misfortune
to have a Piece of Mortar fall into my left Eye, which oc-
cafioned great Pain and Anguifh (notwithitanding we nfed>
fuch Means as we were advifed was proper tor the fune) the
faid left*Eye became quite Blind, the Sigat theres? be ng
wholly loft, and without any Hopes of ever recovering the
{ame ; but being by a Friend direéte1.to Mrs. Cater in Caq
ftle-Court Birchin-Lane, Cornhill, fhe, at firlt Sight, vromi«
fed under God, to bring meto my Sight again, and did per-
form the fame in as fhort a Time as could be expested 5
and this I doe that Perfons in my late Condition may know
where to apply for Cure, as well asa grateful Acknawledg-
ment for fo great a. . : 4S.
Note, She cures without any Inttrument-; and fhe inta'libly
cures the Ague, without the leaft Grain of Cortex, or that
they call the Jefhits Bark. Price five Shillings the Vial, Ne
Letters received exeept Poft paid.
Lectuarium Mirabile: Or, the Admirable EleSuary
which infallibly cures all Degrees and Symptoms of the
Secret Diftafe, with more Eafk, peed and Safety, than any
Medicine yet publifh’d ; any old Running, &c. thongh of fe-
veral Years ftanding, whether oecafion'd by an over-ftrain,
Weaknefs of the Seminals, or the tieli¢ts of a former Infeéti-
on, Iv certainly cur’d in a fhort Time, without a Minute's
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ufe of Aftringents ; being q
Medicine fo wonderfully pleafant and eafy- in its Operation,
that the niceft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may rake it
with Delight: ‘Two Pots are gencrally fufficient to compleat
a Cure in moft Cafes. ‘Fo be had only of the Author Dr, Cam ,
a Graduate Phyfician, who has publifthed it 20 Years, and is
conftantly to be advis‘d with at his Houfe at the Golden Balt!
and Lamp, in Bow Church-¥ard in Cheapfide, at half a Guinea
ot

the Por,
Againt the VENEREAL DISEASE

HE tamous Italian BOLUS, has fo great Suecef§ in

the Cure of the Venereal. Difeafe, that not one ot the
great Numbers that daily take it mifg of 4 periea Care 5 ang
tho’ fo very cheap as 2s. 6d. each, yet four Boluffes never
fail to root out and carry off the moft.malignant, virulent,
and obftinate kind of the venereal Difea‘e, withant Confine-
ment, or making your Café known to any; which, jf it fails
to do; the Money is returnad.... This icine likewift -
deftroys Mercury, and carries it out of the }

WIA
relieves thofe unfortunate Perfons who have filfen inte tovd
Hands in former Cures. Is to be had only at the Flaming ¢:°~"*

Sword the Corner of Ruffel-Street, over-againft Will's Coffee-*

Houfe, Covent-Garden ; and iffold at any other Place is Conn-
terieit. . oo
NCTURZA NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the. Cordia
‘fin-cure for the Nerves, heing an approved, experienced
aud never-tailing Medicament in finking, langniffing, and
lownefs of’ Spikits, Palpitation, or Trembiing of the Heut, in
Sy in all:
ctions of the Head and Nerves; it infallibly prevents the
bad Effects of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which ocrafions |
in moft People -the above-mentioned Diforders (with many
more, which you'll fee at large in the printed Book of Dire2ti+:
ons) bur yet by taking a few Drops of this moft pleafant deli.
cate Cordial, in the firft Dith af Coffec or Tea, you may then
drin« at Liberty ; for this great Medicine penetrates through
the whole nervous Syftem, and fo recruits the Brain and Pree -
cordia with a full Influx of exutting Spirits, which perform the
Bufine of vital Function with frein racrity, and new Brisk:
nefs ; fathat the Pulfe, whigh Jay fecble and wavering, now.
falls a beating vigoroufly, and with great Exattnefs ; more-.
over, it wonderfully difperfes Fear, Sadnefs, confuted Thonghts, -

Twitchings of the Legs and Arms, difturbed Slecp, and ail the
difmal Train of Vapeurs and Melancholy. Tt likewife fops

Vomiting, puts off Naufeoufhefs, proeuresa good Appetite, |
and is new in great Efteem amongft Quality of the firft Rank, -
Sold only at G. Strahan’s, Bookfeller, at the Golden Ballin
Cornhill, over-againft the Royal-Exchange, and at no opher
Place. Price 2s. 6d. .
LAP!UM AUSTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Ji-.
lep, which is knewn by many Yea:s Experience to bea nee -
yer failing Medicine in old obftinate Afthma’s, whofe fuffo+
cating Fit it putsoft ina Moment; it gives a perfect Relief
in ftraining Jaborious Coughs, that are utmercifully trouble. -
fome Night and Morning; ‘tis a moft excellent Remedy for
Shortnefs of Breath upon any Motion, and in Breathing with
Diffieulty, Straightne’ of the Breaft, with Hoarlenhels and
j e chial Duéts and Pneumonick Paffiges, it péne--
crees in the inmoft Recefles of the Lungs, and there meeting
with tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Phiegm, fp attenuates,
divides, moves and works it, that by conghing and fpieting ir

_expesStorates and threws up allfach matter with the greateft

Eafe and Pleafiire, thereby cleanfing and freeing tlie” Breatt .
and i anes, when ftuffed up and clogged w a he re Load, jand
> €,"
isa fafe and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken by fhoentuls,
A eording to the printed Directions, without the Jeaft Confine-
ment, ordanger of catching Cold. To bedad at Mr. George’
Strahan’s at the Golden Ball over againft the Roya] Exchange,
Combhill, and at noother Place. Pricezs. 6d.

 -”

, « a eo. 4
~ er “woe *. : .

Lo Juft publifhed,
-, =... For the Beriefic of young Beginners, .
*\* Reading. made eafy,. a large Collestion of Verfes:

out of the Pfalms, and ew ‘Teftament, in two Parts the

tirft being. a Collection of Verf-s that contain Words of one

4

we! {e d. Verles heaving no Words above: |. ; . ;
Syliab € only. . “Lhe fecond, - ‘the Urine, or too frequently provokesit. This Relick is

_ difcoverable,
. Lebility or Bat
_ averting Smell of the Urine, with a purulene siatter, or
fecucent Sordes, refiding.at the.Bottom, or ying in tt, with

tivo Syllables, and printed with 2 Mark of Divifion between.
the Syllables, defgned for the Ufe of young: Chiddren" an
Chari: y Schoots and others, being the moft proper Book for
young Beginners. By W. Weal Matter. of & Free-School
at Billericay, in the County of Effex. Printed for S. Fit-
zer at the Tnree Bibles in the Minor:es, and fold by A. Bet-
tcfworth at the Rea-Lioa in P.ter-Noiter-Xow.

This Day is publifhed, (the Secon Editéon, with large .1d-
itions of) |

*,* The City and Country Purchafer, and BUILDER‘s
DICTIONARY : Or, The comnleat Builder's Guide.
Shewing the Qualities, Quantities, Proportions, and Rates
or Value of all Matérials relating to BUI LDING, with the
beft Merhod of preparing them. Alfo the Cuftoms and Me-
thod of Mesfuring of all Artificers Work concerned in

Building; together with all the City-anid Country P< ICES, .. :

nt only of Workmanfhip, but of ‘Materia's alfo. The

which will be extraordinary ufefiul in making of Bargains, |

or Contrdéts. betwixt the Workmafter and Workman ; and
likewife in computing the Value (cr Charge of erecting) of
any Fabrick, great or*fmal], Likewift the F x5lanation of
the Terms of Art nfed by moft Workmen. Together with
Aporifins, or nee-ffary Rules in Buildings, as to Situation,
Cohtrivance, Compacinefs, Uniformity, Conveniency, Firm-
nefs, and-Form, &c. By RICHARD NEVE, Philomath.
Printed for D. Browne at the Black Swan’ w'thout Temple-
Bar; J. and B. Srrint at the Bell, and G.Conyers at the
Ring in Little-Britain; and C, Rivington at the Bible in
St. Paul’s Chureh-Yard. |

GUTT ® BALSAMIC,

Hefe healing, ftrengthening, invigorating Drops, are
T fo judicioufly contriv'd, and efficacioufly adapted for the
Cure of the. feveral Kinds and Degrees of Old and New
GLEETS. and‘ WEAKNESSES, both of the GLA\D3 and
SEMINALS, whether Noéturnal or Ditraal, by over-ftrain-
in
ly be: rely'd upon... They in the firlt Plice cleanfe, where
there is any | onlnefs, then enliven, corrobo:a‘e, and reftore,
and bring, by Degrees, the debdilitated, impotent, and almoft
worn out Parts totheir due-natural Strength and Vigour Ir
is a Medicine of a chymical, fublime Extriction, fonnd:d up-
on Reafon, and ‘confrm’d by Experience, ina long Series of
Praétice, to perform all what is poilible in thefe Weakneffs
and Deficiencies, far any internal Remedy to do. They ab-
ford the flabby ELumoure that are éntic'd, and do°commonty

wd. down upon; and: more and more relax and debilitate

e=2 the already weaken'd Genitals, rectify their injur'd Tone,

and recovcr their elaftick Foree and Faculty. Nor have
they, in any wife, been lefs fiucceS$ful_ in Curing the Difeafes, ,
and ovércoming the Imbecilities of the urinary P.ffages,
which, by. Confent of Parts, are oftentimes fo relax'd, or o-
therwife impair’d; that the ( iecafions to make Water are too
quick, or too frequent ; er it comes away too flow, or drib-
bling + orishot, fharp, thready, or foul; and is fometimes

¥-(moaie efpecially. in People of Years) either to be heid .
IO

or made at all. And befides their being fo balfamick, com-
forting, and ftrengthening to the Reins and ‘generative Fa-
cities, they are as.great a fweeiner of the Rlood as Nature
and Art can furnifh ; correct all its Aci tities, cure all its:
Scurveys, invigorate the whole Conftitution, and clear it ab-
folutely and placidly of a!l noxious Relicks, which by fecrecly
lurking after ill-manag'd Cure-, four the Juices, diforder. the
Spirits, andimprint various Ideasand Anxietieson the Mind;
and yet there is feldom a Cafe that requires more than one
Bottle. Price a Guinea. Prepared by J. Marten, Surgeon,
at his Lodgings at the Go'den Wheat-fheaf, the Middle of. the
Old Bailey, where they may be had by any Meflenger, ready

feal'd up with Directions.
ee left) of Venereal Dif
mbecilitics of the fecrec.

Note, His Treatife (a few bein
eafes, and all the Diforders and |
Parts, in the two Sexes, (7th Edition) may be alfo had of-
him, Price 7s. 6d. bound, above 27000 of their feveral E-
ditions having been fold :
All Sorts of RUPTURES,
URSTEN or broken Pe'lies, perfectly cur’d by the Blef-
fing of,God, either an old or young, in a very little

Time, and fora fmall Charge, by two Medicines to be exter- -

nally nfed, without any Pain to, or Confinement of, the Pati-
ent. Thefe two Remedies need no other Recommendatin
than themielves will manifeft in two_or three Days wfing, ha-"
ving, by their admirable.and even aftonifhing Succefs, gain’d
the Reputation they, suftly deferve, both in City and Country,
for above thele twenty Years laft paft, after wearing Truf-
fes for many Years, to no Purpofe: Many Hundreds of alt
Ages and Sexes have been cur’d. by them, which occafioned
this Publication, for the Good of the Publick, that all fich
unhappy People may be.delivered from the Charge and Slave-
Ty. of always wearing Truffes. They are féal’d ip, at 5 s. the’
Parcel, whichis generally. fufficient for a:compléat Cure. ef-
ecially on a- young’ Perfon, and is now (fince Mis. Bradbury
eft off Shankeeping) fald only by Mr. Sanders, Haberdafher
of Small Wares, ae the Blue-Ball:Toyfhop in Fenchurch--
Street, near Aldgate. —  N.B. It_is by the Uf of an eafy
rugs, &e. that t off two external Medicines are applied’ to

the Part affected, till the Cure is perfected, as will be feea by

the Direchions at large given with them.

LOND

Selt-Abufes, or other Caufes, that they may entire- -

2 WRIGH T's Dinretiek

or cleanfing-Tintture. ae
V ‘Hich utinally difcharges ail the feces or putrid relicks o

the Lues Alamode, or Venereal Intestion, and caufes |

_ its Concommitants, the wretched Train of that complicated

' Lirections for its Ufe, only at his Houfe, t

Diftemper, asa-mucous, filthy, fanious Matter lodg’d in the,
Keins,.or fpermatick Parts, which cither caufe a tharpneis in

rtly by the-fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a
eaknefs of the Back, a fetid nauftous, and

Variety of Figures, 'atther, this Tincture efpcecially carries
off all Relicks of the Venereal Difeafe, after ill managed

_ Cures, not only cleanfing the Urinary: Paffages of. all Sind,
Gravel, Films, or membraneous Peilicles, &c. but after a

fingular Efficacy,: invigorating the Reins, reftoring them, and
all thei) genital Parts, to their original Tone and Ufe, though
the Mis!ortune and Decay be of the longeft Date, with an e-
qual Succefs in each Sex. To be had for 108. per Bottle, with
e Golden Head

and two Lamps in Beil-Savage:Yard on Ludgate Hill,

) Specifick Drops tor DEAFNESS.

W Hich entite'y cure that Misfortune, fo as notto return
again, atter all other Means have becn wied without
SuccefS; as all Thicknefs of Hearing, Pain and Noife in the
‘Ears, &c. Tne wonderful B iects or the landable DROPS are
truly furprizing, for they X<emedy ali Defe-ts of the hearing
“Faculty, tho’ of many Years ftanding, almoft in an In‘tane,
Clu ing ‘taofe to- hear exceeding quick and well, who be ore
wer? in -a@ nianner totally dezt. .-Kiundreds who were fo very
bad, as-iiot able to hear a Drum when beat ciofe by the n, and
‘therefore ct fpair’d of being evéerrel ev'd, have been quickly

and perfectly. cured by thei, to their great Joy and Admir :-—

tion. They alfo effectually remove all ?ain occufion'd by Cold,
comfort and ftrengthen the Tympanum, or Drum o? the Ear,
free the aulitory Nerves from . bftrustion, and rectify all Dif-
orders fo abfolutely, and in fo thor. a Space of Time, that
oie would fearce think it poffible, did nor the lirgeft Exne-
rience evince the Truthof it. In a Word, nothing in N-
ture can come near them for the certain and alm ft immadi-
ate Cure o- DEAFNESS, proceeding from what Caufe fo.
ever; but the great Efteem and Reputation they have juftly
ga-n'd for many Yeais paft, have ocrafion’d (as ufual in fuch
C fes), many -Counterfeits to-come abroad, beware therefore
o. fuch [mpoitions, thefe exczHent and only true Specificx
Drops being to bz had only, by the Auchor’s Appointnacnt

‘of the Gentlewoman at the Two Bine Potts in Haydon-Yar

-in the Minories, at 38. 6d. a Bottle, with Directions, and |

no where elfe in England.
‘ This fpecial Notice is given, to prevent Miftakes.
That. Mr. Alleroft. is rentoved « few Doors -hi
Street, viz. to the Blue-Coat-Boy, a Toyfhop, the fecond.
: Houfe’ above Exchange-Alley in Cornhill, againit the
. Royal-Exchange: . ae 7
“. ".  .' , And alfo to prevent Counterfeits,

, =p Hat the:fo much fam’ , and only true Original Royal Chy- | '

| A mical Wain-Balls for beautifying the Face, Neck & Hanis,

th.t were removed to Mr. Allcroft’s fome Years ago, to pre- |

vent Intpofitions, (the. Truth of which can, and will te atteft.
‘ed as often as required, both .by Mr. AHcrofe and Mrs. Giles)
aye now fold only at. Mr. Allcroft’s Toythop, at. the. Blue-
;Coat-Boy, the zd Haufe above Exchange-Alley. in Cornhill,
“agpinft the Royal Exchange; and'at Mrs Giles’s, Milliner,
‘next, Hercules-Pillars-Alley, bythe Temp‘e, in. F'leet-ftreer.
¢Price-; &. each.. . cfs ee

- ‘They:have near thefe 30 Years beeg ufed and admired by
both sexes of the belt of Quality, and many -thoufands of
‘Gentry. aud others, for making the Skin fo delicately foft ang
fnooth, as not to be parallel’d by any Wath, &c. of any
Kind cr Form, or any Wath-Bal', notwithftanding what is

* faid tothe the contrary by Pretenders; tor thefe Ballsare in-

-not.-only give a more cxquifite tharpnefs to the Kuzor,

-e
“@

desd'real Beantifiers of the Skin, by ta.ing off all Deformi-
ties, as Tetters, ign-worms,. Morphew, Sunburn, Scurf,

_ Pimples, Pits:or RednefS of the Smajl-pox, and, keeping, it,

of a lafting and extreain WhiténefS “They foon alter red
o¢ rough Hands; are admirable in fhaving the Read 5 they

nt fo,
comfort the Brain: and Nerves, as £0 prevent, catehing Cold.

' They are of a grateful and pleafint Scent, without the leat
- Gtain of Mercury, and may be eaten for their Safety.

HE molt fevere RHEUMATISM, and ali Rheumatick
Pains of the Limbs, &c. whether fix’d or wandering,
moft certainly cured, fu as not to-retum again; by incomra-

trable Chymical Drops, which without the leaf Trouble or-
: Diforder, ‘ entisely frees the Patient from that cruel Difeafe in.
‘ aiwonderful Manner ; for they immedjately reftore a due and

qual Circulation to the Fluids, inthe minuteft Canals, by
estually attenuating. and .fubduing the fatal -Lentor, - or:

» vifcid:Matter, that occafions all the Mifthiefs, infomuch rhat

all mannerof Pain, though neyer.f violent, crof'many Years-
ftanding, prefently vanihes, tothe Admiration of all who
havé taken them, who-couldndt believe it in the Power of
Medicine tagive fuch fudden, and almoft miraculous Eafe,
till happily convinced -by-their own Experience. Hundreds
who ‘had: béen* miferably. amtiéted: with the Rhetimatiim for
many Yedrstegecher, and,-a‘ter trying oft other Remedies,
defpure+ of being ever retieverl, have been almoft inftanrly:

cured by :thefe aioft excellent: Drops;: which were never {fo

much as-onco known to fail.. They are very agrerab!eto take,
atid for Satety might ‘he-givén to a facking: Intaric wichout
Inconveniéncee Are fotd only at Jacab's Coffee-Houfe over-

-in the-

|S Ab in@ivie Remaly toroioktn winded zomg
HAT hath deen pubstiied and tb'd inany years before
_° any countericits In other forms a peared ; and hight
commendet ivan one ‘ricnito another; the ya uantities
that have becn fold, doth alfo veyify the cingh pf i effi¢icy:
}, and vir.ues, wi.ci mooft perfectly cures: them, atrer many”
| things premifed have bcen insftectual, to a wonder, in 2
finail time, without confinement, by attennating and open-
ing ithz giobuics of the lungs dried up, and a} paffages he:
fiructes by humours diipping thereon, sccafioned by hard ri-*
ding, colds, &e. It caufes prefently 2 free perfpiration, re-
ncwing its terce, vigour and leng’h, 2s well as evers thofe’_
only alitcie touch d it cares immediately, as alfo all coughs, ~
colds, wheefings, &c. being alfo eaceilent in preventing ma-
ny other diftanucis, by maintaining, preferving and conti«
nuing a good bezuth ; ahd, i9 a word, by this medicine alone, -
, many Hor-es have been made fo perfectly found, and have: =
: been fold “or ro or t2 Lwhich by being broken winded could not
‘ betore be fold for 3 or gt. is fold at Atr. Lockron’s toythop at:
the Griffin, the corner of bucklersbury in the poultry, at.43
-6d, the quarc bortle, with directions. vo
. The PROLIFICK ELIXIR. | pe
i A Me‘cine ot ineft mable Worth for the Cut®-of BAR-
REN NESS in Women, and IMBECILI PY in Men
aiithat by promoting the cnetrtul Cuiric e of the Blood and.
_ Juices, raifing all the «luis trom their languid deprefled State...
‘to one more dorif and fparkling, opening all Ob‘tructions.
fortifying the Nerves, enereafing the animal Spirits, leltéting
-a juvenile Bloom, anievitently replenithing the erifpy Fibres:

of the whole Habit with a generous Warneh and balmy Moi-
‘ftnre, and thereby invigerating it to fuch a. ree 38 not-to

:be imagin’d, but by thofe who have experieac'd how exceed-
ingly and fudienly it renovates, recruits, and powerfully
‘ftrengthens ali the animal Facult:es, and gener tive Powers:
in hoth Sexes. It enforces a brigir oly Difpoficion, banithes
M2 ancholy, and tnfpires Mirth 1n 1 Gladneis of Heart, beyond.
Bsoreffisn. Abnndance of Lidi sy, who for feveral Years
wee Jeem2dincurably barren, hase quick'y, after taking ir
conecived, and secom: fruitful ; ant great Nanbers of Gen=
‘tle nen, who, dy faft Living, or otherwife, had tender’d them:
‘felves incapable of Procre tion, have foon been enabled by:
‘it to provag :te their Species ; infomuch, thac véry many it |
1 iftrions “amilies, who, for want of Childrea, were almoft ine
co nfolab'e, are now ble with hippy [flue, and are (under -*
Providence) indebted to this greac. Medicine for cheir Heirs.
fe :ectifies all Dif’ riers of tae Sto.nich, creates an ‘Appetite,
nreures a good Digeftion, and in all Weaknefs of Y, or
Dec2y.of Contti.ution of any Kind, is a moft admirable Ree
-medy, ‘and e.en fe2ms to keep back tue Effects of old Age it _
felf. (t isto tetasen but a few Drovs at a Time, his avery —
fine Flavour, is pleafanr to the. Palace, cordial to the Sto-
‘mach, and can be hai only at the Two Blue-Pofts in Haydon-’
‘Yard inthe Minories, at ss. a Botcie, with Cirectiongs. ©
FRB Oe, AT the HUNGARY WATER WARE.
HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Comb,
a Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage-
Inn on Liidgate-Hill, is fold right French
Hungary Water, being the fame Sort fold
feverai Years paft, and is eafi'y diftinguithed
a. ” froin the pernicious counterfeit Sort fold a-
Teese Ba sereg bout the Town, “pretended to be importeé
| from: Niontpelier, &ce, t.ikewife the following foreign Come
‘modities w¢.fold at the fame Place, viz. |
p Right Frotich Hungary Water, at is. 3d. the Hal€Pint
ottle. So oS

}
s
t £.
i +
t

ee

Fine Floreace Oil, at 2s.. per Flasks. ”. 7
Right [rith Ulquzbaugh, at 2s. the Halfpint Bottle.
Vine Orange Flower Water, at.s 6d. perFlask. —
Right Barbadoes Citron Water, at 14s. per Quart.
Ait Sorts of Leghor1 and Bermuda Hatts for Didies. :
__N. B. There is a Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Flaskg ta.
prevent Countertvits. .
oo The Roy2l BEAUTIFYING FLUID.
; W Hich vaftly tranfcends any thing ever yet made publick,
vo and is really the nobleft fecret in nature to beautify the
! Face, Neck and Hands, as moft of the firft Quality have ex-
f| perienced, tor it gives an inexpreifible tine-air to the fea-
; tues of the face on the fpot, an furpri ing handfomenefs to -
: the neck and hands, on which laft.account feveral gentlemen -
as well as ladies ufe it, and admire its fuperior excellency, it
. being indeed tar beyond any pafte, powder, wathball, or any
other thing whatever, for immediately making a red or rough _
hand exceeding!y finooth, fine and delicately. white, . it cer-.
‘tainly takes away ali difagieeabie rednefs, fpots, pimples, .
i heats, roughnefs, freckles, morpbew, worms in, the. face, .
Sunburn, . or any othe: difcolouring, .almoft in an_inftant ; -
and remowes all wrinkles fo periectly, a3 not only to conceal,,
_ but even to rectify. the defers’ of old age, making the Skin’
‘ become fo truly and incomy rably fine, clear, ; plump, foft.
_and charming fair, as to canfé adiniration in all ns; and
yet is nothing of paint, but far exceeds it, for it bringsthe’ |
iikin, whether of the face, neck or hands, and tho’. brown, i
red or rough, to its natural beauty and perfection, viz. a-.
.lafting. youthful fairnefs, fmoothnefs and delis Ve which ey
paint only faintly imitates, neither.1s this royal beautifier’  -
-prepared from the: leait, particle of merenry. or. any thing, .
i metalline, but is per ectly innocent:and harmlefs, and.may be, :
i given. inwar.jly,. even to children. It-hasatfo a pleafantfeent;, ¢ ,
‘will not foil the fineft lawn, and is fo far from Being troudle-, /.-
fame to ufe, that the niceftjadigs thinkit-picafant. Isto be. .
had only at Mr. Radford's ‘Toythap. at the .Rofe and Crown. j -
-againfe Se. Clement's Church Yard in. the. Ssrand, near = -

againft the Angel‘and Crowh Tavern in Threadneedie freer, )
behind the Royal Exchange, at 3s. 6d.a Bottle, with -| Arundel Street End, at 3s-6d..a Pottle with Dire@ions,
Direttions. ot | +  ! Beware of Counseseits uador other Names.
ON: Printed: bia. AGIST in Great-Canter-lane ot a
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 4 Sept. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786166/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 