~

MIST 's WEEKLY JOURNAL — Bons133

ne

se :

oF ad ‘“ ¢ >

SATURDAY, ‘JULY 24, 1725.
Time with fuch Things, as may make the In-{ Of the Art of -kiffing well, and its Advantages
clemencies of the Seafons appear tolerable and] to the Commonwealth. ko, :
eafy. As for Example, itis found by Expe-} Of the Methed to obrain and preferve a {weet
rience, that a Courfe of cloudy or wet Weather,| Breath, and a curious Balm. onthe Lips; with a
is apt to affeé& the Heads of Englifomen with Va- Panegyrick on white Teeth, ~ ,
. — re{pours and Spleen, as it is well made out by aj Of Words, Looks and Aftions. introdu&ory to
| veputed Perlons of good Latte in the belles Lettres. certain porn who, deferibing a Shower of Rain, Teidling _&S we’ as thot that.ere proper in thé
_ I fhall not herc take upon me to draw thejhas theic Lines. sO _ | uling of it, as afterward. we
Charaters of thefe my Friends and privy Coun-} Sauntring in Coffee-Honfe,; is DULMAN een, A Colle&ion, in.Verfe and Profe, from tlie
cellors.——I fhall only obferve one of them to] He dammns the Climate, and complains of Spleen. beft Authors, of the moft fofr, render, and deli-
be a Gentleman who has very accurately ftudy’d| When I fee the Glafs full, and the Clouds ga-jcate Expreflions, which are neceffary to be ufedy
that. Part of natural Philofophy, which teaches|ther, I fhall prepare a little Satyr to adminifter|as well in the taking a Kifs, as afterward.
us to know what every Month in the Year pre {to my Readers; for it is the Opinion of all the} Full and ample Direftions, with the moft ap-
fents us for the Table; he cantell you to a Day learned Phyficians, both antient and modern,|prov’d Advice to bathful young Men; h w they
when every Fifh ot Sea, Lake, or River, and who have treated upon that Subject, that Satyr| may falutea Lady they never faw beforg, and
every Fowl, wild or tame, goes out of Seafon.— | is a moft fovercign Remedy for the Spleen. kifs one the fecond Time of being in her Coni=
'This kind of Learning makes him a very ufeful} But to return to my prefent Purpofe. ‘There|pany, without‘colouring up to their Ears, or ha:
Man to any Soeicty or Club, for no Man is fowell] is a Gentleman of my Acquaintance who is now | Ving their Voices alter'd.
qualify’d to be a Caterer. writing a Treatife upon the Arf of Kifing, and) Of the Method of kiffing Prudes, old Maids,
_ ” As I lately had a Mecting with this Gentle-| which he intends to publifh after the modern/and other fcemingly abftemious Ladies ; with 2
man and fome others, I defired their Advice| Way of Sub{criprion : As he has communicated Panegyrick, in Verfe, on Darknefs and Corners.
what Subje&s to go upon in the prefent Stand] his Defign to me, I think my felf obliged to pub-} As alfo particular InftruG@ions to young Ladies
and Calm of all publick Affairs, my Friend be-| lifh his Letter and Propofals, becaufe I have de-|how to look at receiving a Kifs. To which wilt
' fore-named, told me, that confidering the Time of] clared and promifed to encourage the Works of] be prefix'd, a large Dedication to the Fair Sex.
Year, and that by the late Alteration of the} the Learned. At the fame Time I think} The Conditions are, 1. The Book is to bé
Weather for the better, the Sun began to have] it will-be no way prejudicial to the Defign of this|printed on fine gilt Paper, in an Elziver Letter ;
fome Influence; it was his Opinion, that fome-| Paper, becaufe it may ferve as an Introduétion to} with a curious Frontilpiece, and extraordinary
thing upon Love would go off very well, adding,|{fome future Effays upon Love, which I fhall|Embellifhments of Venus’s, Cupids, wounded
that it was julk pow in seater h al publifh - as foon as my Correfpondents fend them Feartss Darts, fhady Groves, purling Streams, &cs
ove, indeed, is a Subje& that concerns to me. : and to be in a neat Pocket Volume.
Sexes and Conditions, and | 1 don’t Know Dut I SIR, , we rhe Price to Subferibers will be Gf thé
might fay a GS tO, as to my Friend's | . »| Work comes out) 2s. 6d. and as much
Opinion of its being juft at this Time-in Seafon, FTE oie vein of Serronihefs as van re Delivery. m) : more “
I have my felf had an Opportunity of making e Pare ye your EReaders nba ; 2: he’ te ex aa _ 3. The Book being almoft finith’d, it will (if
Remark, which greatly ftrengthens that Notion 5| bain utial Quota of Mirth; th erefore as Pell its Publication meets with fufficient Encourage<
for 1 have obferved, that I have fometimes re-|¢ their Diverfion as my Advanr = I ho ment) if poffible, come out by the latter End
ceived more Letters from my Correfpondents in| 317 ogee chem the Frilowin Pro a ee ae of Spring next. a
a Week at this Time of Year, upon the Subjett| mber you not fon Bice eave i oa ote N. B, The Name of each -Sub{criber will Bé
of Love, than in two or three Months after the Opinion, that the t aking Subfari ions Was 4 refix'd to the Work ; and publick Notice will
Fall of the Leaf. | Rieht belonzine to. Authors Ea romotin given, (if the Work appears in publick,}
Wherefore when any of my Correfpondents this, you will oblige a P 8 | where Subfcriptions are taken in. .
fends me a Lattey full of Flames in the middle ’ "Your conftant Reader, N. B. If any Perfon of the Fair Sex can furi<
of the Winter, I look upon it to be as unnatura “Myrtitfo Saveeslips nifh Hints or Materials for che carrying on thig¢

a Produétion ,as Afparagrafs at Chrifimas, and like | ufeful Work, they are defired to communicate -
all Things which are forced, it appears to me} Propofals for printing by Subfcription rhe Hiffo-| them to the Author of this Paper, and they fhalk

very infipid ; therefore I defire the Favour of|ry and Art of Kiffing, in II Books, each containing|be thankfully received. __
- thofe Gentlemen and Ladies who intend to Blige VII Chapters. FOREIGN AFFAIRS.
me and the Publick with any Thing upon the} This Subje& will be treated of under the folej| Weare advifed from Conftantinople, that fe-
Subje& of Love, thac they will pleafe to light | lowing Heads ; veral Expreffes arrived at that Place from Per
_ np their amorous Fires, before the Sap begins to Of the great Antiquity of Kiffing, proving ’tis|fia, with Advice, that Merriweyes was in Moti-
fall, otherwife I fhall be obliged to poft-pone| almoft coeval with the World it felf. on with a great Body of Troops, and feem’d td
their Effays till the enfuing merry Month of] The univerfal Ufe of it, and the great Encou-/dire& his March towards Erivan, with De en;
ragement it hath met with from the greateft/as it was fuppofed, to raife the Siege of that
Perfonages in all Ages. , Place. The fine Advices add, that he had alf@
Of the different Kinds and Degrees of it; with |commanded another Body towards Tauris, and
a Differtation on the fqueezing of a Lady’s Hand, | that there were good Reafons to believe chat thé
and the treading on the Toe. young Sophi and he were come to 'Terms of Av
Several Proofs brought that it kindles Love,|comodation with each other, without any Re-
and is the Fuel thereof; and that ‘ris oftentimes}gard to the Terms of the late Treaty of Parti«
the primary Canfe, as ever ‘twill be, of bloody jtion made at Conftantinople, betwixt thé Porte,
Wars, and dire Combats. _ and the late Czar of Mufcovy.—~ As thefe Prox
Of the manifold Advantages of it; to which|cecdings feem to threaten the new Conquefts th
is added, 8 Qualia in Praife of it, by a certain {Ottomans pave made at Perfia, imm tately 2
Woman of Quality. eat Reinforcements of ‘Troops was comrtiandéd -
Of the Ufe of ie Heart and ofculatory Mut ee | Pte ,
cles; of the ‘Nature and Conftruétion of each, o
and an Obfervation on their friendly Corref-

poudence.
An Account of two accurate Difle&tions of the {fuch Places as fhalt be Judge

Paget S Tam very anxious concerning ¢-
very Thing which may contribute
to the Diverfion of my Readers.—
In order to their better Entertain-
ment I frequently confule certain
Gentlemen, my Friends, who are

May.

But leaft fome fhould imagine that Loveas it
Gs generally dreft up in Flames (at leaft merapho-
rically) may be a proper Subje& for cold Wea-
ther: L think fit to take Notice, that there is a-
nother Subje&t which is found much more effe-
&ual at Warming, and which, for that Reafon,
I intend to lay -afide till frofty Weather comes
in, and.that is Politicks. I have known a
lurge Company put into a comfortable Heat in a
. cold frofty Day, by talking on the Sufpenfion of

the Habeas Corpus AG, or the Deficiency of the ci-
. vil Lift, or a new Tax, or the City Bill, or—

or an hundred and fifty other Things I could
name. —— But asI intend to confult the Conve-
 miency andsHealth of my Readers, as well as

thar Way, particularly fifteen thoufand Tg
a great Number of Inftruments and Toof
preparing, in order to Be fent to Perfia, SARE
ing a Defign of Building feveral. frond arn
4 mott conunaaee

their Divartion; I refolve to be a Arid Obierver « ean
_ of the Weather, and by the Help of a good Bar-| Hearts of a Coquet and a Prude; with curious |to awe thé Country, and keep it in Obed nan
rometer, 1 propose to present them from Time to} and ufeful Obfervations on both, . the Conquerors. P Be QS
 Our Letters from Patis {peak of nothing butyfene againgt them, the firft being overcome in
the magnificent Preparations which are making|the Attempt. But thefe being peaceably brought

for the Reception of the new Queen, exccpt| before the fuftices and examin

that a Rumor ts lately fpread, that a certain Prince
is fhortly to make a Vifit to that Court, but whe-

ther he is to refide any Time in France or to re-| away by feficing it in.

turn back to his
- do not tell us. ,

From Petersburgh, we learn, that the Fleet
Jately equipp'd, is not yer fail’d, nor are the

prefent Place of Refidence they

it for Recovery of their Right, the Marfh being
common till a certain Gentleman had taken -it
They were admitted to
Bail till next Affizes. :

Norwich, July 17. About 7 a-Clock laft Night
fome Gentry were robbed in a Coach, at the
Gravel Pits negr Brook, by.2 Men on bay Horfes,

Men of War and Tranfports yét join’d, feveralla Gold Watch, 2 Gold Rings, befides Money ;
of the latter being diiperfed as they were failing} one of "em was a litrle Man, Pockfretren, in a

to their Rendevous at Revel.

Mr. Dean,|light Fuftian Frock; the other lufty, ruddy com-

who went to Mufcovy with the Com:niffion of{ plexion’d, in a dark Cloath Suit.

Conful of the Britifh Nation, and who having

From Nottingham, 'That the King’s Plate of|been out,

been formerly in the Service of the lare Czar,|100 Guineas (which we mention’d to be won b
was difgraced, is returning back, being rejected|Lord How) was run for by 11 Horfes ; the 501.

by the Court.
Cork, Fuly 11.

Plate was run for by 6 Horfes, and won by Mr.

This Day Coll. Tyrrel’s and|Childer’s Wanton Willy, the 151. Plate won by Mr.

Coll. Handafyd’s Regiment were emburk’d on/Sunderland’s Bonny Lad, abd 4 run for it; the 3ol.

Beard fome Ships to be traniported to Mahon.

Plate run for by 4, and won by Lord Molineux’s

Lady; but as thie Papei's have beentoo hafty ia
marryin a certain Earl’s Daughter, which is
now broke off, we chufe rather to defer it till we.
can fpeak in the preterperfea.

_ A certain Pri T'Ty young Lady of a good For«
tune, whofe Parents ncgletted to provide for her
fo foon as her fprightly Conftirution required, has
within a few Days gone away with an inferior
Officer of the Troops, but of a very agreeable
Addrefs; Mifs and the Cornet have enter'd into
the Marriage State, as it were in a Frolick.

The moft material News we meet with this
Week in Town, are fome Accidents of War, viz..
‘That the Train'd-Bands of Weftminfter having

2 they behav’d with great Bravery and

Condué, not a Man being loft inthe March, ex-
cept afew who were fent to Bridewell, for bea-
ting their Officers. That a Duel was
fought betwixt Mr. Norris, jun of the New
Play-Houfe, and Mr. Goddard of the Old, in
which the latter was fo wounded, that he died

Dublin, Yuly tq. Yefterday Lord Falmouth| black Horfe, CoHier.

and Mr. Edgecomb, Vice Treafurers of this| Maidffone, Zuly 17. Laft Night Mr. Under-
Kingdom, embark’d for England, having firft down, the Diftriburor of the Stamps for this
taken an Affignment of Captain Pratt, their late, County,. was robb’d on Boxley-Hill, of his Money
Deputy’s Eftate, for the Satisfa&tion of his Defi-|and Cloaths, by fome Footpads. After they had
ciencies. Extents were taken out againft taken his Money (which did not exceed thirty
his Eftates in 9 Counties, but he choofing to make Shillings) they led him, according to their Cu-
all over to Truftces, they were not put in Exe- | ftom, into the Wood, and bound him; fo fetting| Entertainment ; Punch wastun thro’, and dy’d
cution. This Day, (it being Commance-;a Watch, they look’d out for another Adventure :'the next Day, and the other march’d off without
ment Week in this Univerfiry) the Vice Chancel-, But having no Luck, they came and releas’d| Beat of Drum.

lor, Provoft, &c. waited on the Lord Lieutenant! him, without further Abufe, than {tripping him} At the Affizes heid at Dorche/ter, Henry Wood-~
to prefent his Excellency with a Degree of Do-jof his Coat and Waftecoat, Shirt and Perriwig.|ward received Sentence of Death, for Horfe-
Gor in the Civil Law; and to Morrow he goes, at-;'The Perfon who watch’d him, told him, her | {tealing. —---- Jofeph Pickford, fentenc’d to

in two Days; the former was alfo wounded, but
not fo much as to hinder him from making his
Efcape. A Duel was alfo fought at Ham-
merimith, betwixt a Gentleman there, whofe or-

inary Employment was that of a Drummer to a
Show, and another Gentleman who diverted him-~
felf with playing the Pare of Punch inthe faid

tended with the Horfe-Guards, to dine with the | Bufine/s was come to ncthing, and that he had a great

— Lord Mayor of this City. .
Glafgow, Yuly iz. Ycfterday they took up a-

Mind to leave off Trade.

From Worcefferfrire, 'That-———-—Jeffries, Efq;

bove 30 Perfons for being concerned in the Riot,: has had a Leg cut off for a Mortification.

by the Lord Adyocate’s Warrant, moft of ’em
out of their Beds,

Glafgow, Fuly 14. ‘The Maltfters here do now,

comply with the Terms of the Aét: Thofe who
are taken up are mean Perfons, near 100 Wit-
nefles have

From Newmarket, That the Horfe Matches are

made for Oftober next, the Lift we fhall give the
Publick when we have more Room. .
From Bath, That John Cockburn, Efq; one of
the Lords of the Admiralty, and a Member for} way. Henry Harrifon and
een examined, and there is little Scotland, who went to Bath for a great Lame-

or nothing found againft any of ’em; itis all laid}nefs fome Time before the Seffions was over, is
on thofe that are fled, and on Strangers from the; now fo well recover'd, that he is preparing to

Country.

yuly 16. This Day, juft before |come away next Week; fome of that: Nation

the General and Lord Advocute left this Place,} who wifh’d well to themfelves, would have been
the latter committed all our Magiftrates to Prifon. 'glad to haye received fo much Benefit by the
They immediately fent a Petition to the Lord of, Waters.

the Seffion, but we hear they will be fent to E-
dinburgh, with aboye zo of the Mob under a
Guard.

LONDON, fFuly 24.

i
*

Tranfportation for running Brandy ; as was Ni-
cholas Tanfel for the fame Offence, and for oppo-
fing the King’s Officers in the Execution of their
Duty, whereby one of the Gang was kill’d.

At the Affizes at Maidftone, Mary Horne pleaded
Guilty, and Matthias Cater was found guilty of
Felony, in robbing the Earl of Suffolk ; William
Davidge, for ftealing a great Coat on the High-
Tho. Smith pleaded
Guilty to their Indiétments, the firft, for robbing
his fellow Servant, the other for ftealing the Re-
ceiver-General’s Horfe; and Eliz. Gill found

Guilty to the Value of 4s. 10d. The reft- of the

Minters were acquitted.

At the Affizes at Abington, Wm. Garrard was
condemn’d for Felony and Burglary. ——Maurice
Euftace, Samuel Manning, William Ray, and

We hear the Lords Juftices wrote a very kind John Rofamond, condemn’d laft Lent Affizes, or-
Letter to Danicl Cambel of Shawfield, Efq; who, der’d for Tranfportation for 14 Years.

Edinburgh, 9utly 16. Part of the Army are en- fuffer’d fo much by the Mob at Glafgow, on
camp’d near the Highlands, bur find it very cold | Pretence of his forwarding the Malt 'Tax Bill;

at this Seafon, and are fpeedily to be join’d by
more. There have been Difturbances at Elgin
and at Irwin, on Account of fome Seizures made
by the King’s Officers.
of War having been on our Coaft, on, and off,
for fome Days, and giving a frivolous Account

of their touching and lying there, has occafioned ;

fome Speculations, but they are now fail'd a dif-

ferent Way from what they pretended, being firft ; the Child fhe was big with being dead in her.jare fafe arrived.
! two Merchant Men, and have nor been | We hear the Duke, before he went abroad, order-
yuly 17. ‘This Day the Gene-| ed, if it had been a Son, he fhould be named
| James, and if a Daughter, Clementina.

jein’d by
feen fince.
ral return’d hither from Glafgow.

Stokeshy in Norfolk, fuly 16. Laft Monday, 'Tuef-
day and Wednefday, a great many poor People,
borh Men and Women, ina tumultuous Magner,
threw down a new Mill, and divers Gates and
Fences upon the Marfh belonging to this Place.
The laft Day the Sheriff, with a competent Force,
_eame to difperfe em: They made no Refiftance,

but fuffer’d 8 or 10 of their Companions to be} tonfhire.

feiz'd, and carried to Norwich. Such a Begin-

ning had Kert’s Rebellion formerly in this Coun-|ing forwards between Perfons of Diftin&ion, | Reverend My. Maffey, Lecturer of St. Alban's Weeds
ty, which was not quell’d till a fecond Army was} particularly one to fupply the Place of a divore’d' freet : and im the, Afternoon by the Rev. Mr. Bez, off

Three Mufcovite Men

tho’ ‘tis remarked, that fome of that City thank- count of

ed him for oppofing it, be ie how it will, ‘tis
certain that fome got and fome loft Places at that

Six of the South-Sea Greenland Ships are arri-
ved in the River from Whale-Fifhing ; the Ac-
their Voyage both of thefe fix, and the
fix that they left behind is, at the Time they
came away, as follows, 24 Fifh and a half, which

JunGture, and others who were out of the Way | produc’d them 860 Puncheons of Oyl, containin

fav'd both their Places and their Honour.
There is an Affembly of Ladies every Weck at
the Dutchefs Dowager of Rutland’s.
The Dutchefs of Wharton is dangeroufly ill,

Lord. Falmouth and Mr, Edgecomb, came to
Town on Tuefday, from Ireland. |

General Wills is appointed to review the Forces
about England, and fets out next Week for that
- Collonel Handafyd and his Lady are returned
from Ircland to their Seat at Gains in Hunting-

We have. Accounts of feveral Marriages go-

-{in all $1920 Gallons.

|

144 Dutch Ships had
caught 244 Whales; 43 Hamburghers caught 46;
and 23 Bremeners caught 29, when the faid Ships
came away. Juft now, we hear, the other 6 Ships

Wednefday the late Earl of Macclesfield paid
his Fine 300001. into his Majefty’s Exchequer,

‘| whereby his Lordfhip is difcharged from his Con-

finement in the 'Tower.

%o Morrow there will be preached two Sermons at
the Pavifh-Church of Ifleworth, for the Benefit of 40
Boys and 20 Givis, the Chavity Children of the faid Pa-
rifo;, that in the Morning by the Rt. Rev, the Lord Biftop
of London ; and that in the Afternoon by the Rev. Mr.
Bryan. Alfo |

at St. Bartholomew the Lejs , in the Morning by the

To Morrow there will be tave Charity 3 mons preach'd |
 . Windfor, ur of Mr.

St Games Clerkenwell, for the Benefit of fifty poor
Children. ; , |
South-Sea. Stock is 119, three 8ths. India 162,
163 Bank 134, 78ths. African rr, 1 half.
ADVERTISEMENTS |.
NY one that his a Houfe to Lett, unfurnih'd, fit for
A a fnall Family, abour 20 or 25 Miles of London, with
Gardening, in Middletex, Su ry, Buckinghamfhire, Berk-
fhire, or Hertfordfhire, is defired to fend Propofils to che
Printer of this Paper. .
HIS is to give Notice, that the Red-Lyon-Inn in the
T High-Street in Excter, will be opened on the firft Day
of Augwt next enfiting,
man. Where all Gentle!
Entertainment. .
O te Lett at Woolford in Effex, ready furnifhed, to
Lady Day next, or untirnifhed for a longer Term, 2
Brick Houfe, well fituated for Profsect on the Hill between
the Town and Row, with a pleafant Summer ‘onfe, Flower
and Kitchen Gardens, well planted with good Fruit Trees

an‘ will te Kept by Gregory Bridg-
nen and Travellers hall tind good

and Greens, Gravel and Grafs Walks. Fifh Ponds wel} {tock d,

&e. all in very good Order; likewite a _comadious Brick
Stable for 4 Horfes, and Coach-Honie. Enquire at the faid
Fonte, or at the Jerufalem Coffee-Houfe in Exchange-Alley,
London.

HE New Inn at Sherborn in Dorfethire, is to be Lett
T at Michaelmas next. Enquire of Mr, Francis Fither,
Attorney at Law, living in Sherborn.

Tolen or ftrayed out of the Tenter Grounds at Wind

worth mn Surry, a black Gelding near r46 Hands high,
fall aged, with a fwit Tail, a fall Scar on his Forehead,
a Str. ke of White ciofsthe Top ot his Head behind his Ears
his Withers lately hurt with the Saidic, and lame of his o
Feet before. Any Perfon bringing ‘he faid Horfe to Mi.
Young's, at the Spread-Eagle at Wandiwort., aforefaid,
fhall have half a Guinea Reward, ani reafonable Charges,

HE Haymakers about London, or the Parts adjacent,
T which are able-.o icd Mcn, and are de“rous: to return
homeward towards Suropihire, Chefhire, Lancasiire, oe.
may have prefent Work, and be well treated, if they go to
the new «oad now making on Punfinore-Heach; neir Co-
ventty in Warwickihire. N. B. Any other Perfons who are
willing to be employ’d in the faid Work, will meet with

ood Encouragement. ;
goon o Next Week will be publith’d,

«"» An hiftorical and critical Account of the Life and
Writings of Wm. CHILLINGWORTH, Chancellor of
the Church of Sarom. Wherein are inferted feveral or gi-
nal Letters of that eminent_ Divine, never before orin cd.
By Mr. DES Matzeaux, f.R.S Printed! for Tho. Wood-
ward at the Half Moon ovcr-againit Sc. Dunitan s Church
in. Flieet-Street, and John Peele at Lock’s-Head in Pater-

Nofter-Row, .
Juft publifhed,
For the Benefit of young Beginners,

*.* Reading made eafy, a large Collection of Verfes
out of the Pfalms, and New Teftament, in two Parts, tne
firft being a Col:cction of Verfes that contain Words of onz
Syllable only. The fecond Verfes having no Words above
two Syllables, and printed witha Mark of Divifion between
the Syllables, defigned for the Ufe of young Children in
Charity Schools and others being the moft prover Book ior
young Beginners. By W. Weal , Mafter of a Free School
at Billericay, inthe County of Effex. Printet for S. Fit-

‘ger at the Three Bibles in the Minories, and fold by A. Bet-

refworth at the Red Lion in Pacer-Nofter-Row.
This Day is publifhed, the fifth Edition, with the Addition
of a Preface, _
*.* Every Bodies BufinefS is no Bodies BufinefS, or pri-
vate Abufes, publick Grievances, «xemplify’d in the Pride,
Infolence, and exorbitant Wages of our Women Servants,
Footmen, &¢. With a Propofal for Amendment of the fame;
as alfo for clearing the Streets of thofe Vermin call’d Shoc-
cleaners, and fubitituting in their Stead many Thoufinds of
induftrious Poor, now ready to ftarve Printed for W. Mea-
dows in Cornhill, and fold by T. Warner at the Black Boy

in Pater-Nofter-Row, A. Dod without Tempie Bar, and E.] n-tit and Inftruction of all thofeé who may labour under the

Nut at the Royal-Exchange. Price 6 d.
” This Day is publithed
** A Crown of Glory, the Reward of the Righteous
being Meditations upon the Vicifficude and Uncertainty of
all fublunary Enjoyments, viz. I. Honours, iches, and

- Pleafures, IY. The iWature and Caufes of Affliction. TIT.

The great Benefit and Advantage of Afflictions. IV. Of
our Fefignation to the Will of God. To which is added,
A. manual of Devotions, for Times of Trouble and Affli-
éion; alfo Meditations and, Prayers for the Holy Commnu-
nion, both before, at, and after recciving, with fome gene-
ral Rules and Directions for our daily ractice ; compofed
for the Ufe of a noble Family, by the Right Reverend Dr.
Thomas Kenn, late Lord Bifhopof Bath and Wells. Prin-

ted for A. Rettefworth at the Red Lyon in Pater-Nofter-

Row.
| oe Srorehonfe. for Corn, con‘ift
Very large Granary or Storchoufe. for Corn, conffting
A of ‘Lwo Beal Floors, plow’d and tongu’d, 100 Foot long,
and 20 Foot wide, boarded on the Sides, and cover’d with
Tiles, by the River Thames, at Old Windfor, within -two
Miles of New Windfor. It is fet upon Pedeftals of Stane,

‘and may be. conveniently removed, and fet up in any other

Place. E*-...ire of Mr. Gerrard at the Five Bells in Old
Stanles'in New Windfor. ;
_B. It Rtanding within a very fev Yards of the River,
when taken down, may be conyey'd, With Eafe, in a Barge
te London. ~

‘to Ton.

i PRACT'CiL

. * .° ‘ 4 te. ye etd + * oe . Y, we oF ‘ { ~~ iis mt ae ae) ret sy a 4e*y 7 Fete A
Wy Beressin mift’s weekly journal, on Satufday the 2oth 6 Oftor Atton of Chefterficld in Terbythire; his ROYA
February 1725; as alfo in other papers of the fame date, CO? DIAL TINCTURE for theCholick,; truly prepat d
y impoited,. which in } vy a Relation of his, te Verties of which hath been tormetly
mention'd by a.Licticr in this Paper, it Leing the, moft fove-
reign’ Medicine and effectual Crre tor the Cho‘ic..j healing
‘he Bowels; creating Appetite, and reftoring Heaith} pre-
enting the Gout in the tomacit. Soild ontyact Mr. Vv. Grim-
itead's, 2 Toyfhop at the Black Swan in ©t. Paul's Church-
Yard; at Mr..Garway’s old Shep at the South-Entrince of
«ie Royal-Exch nge ; st Mr. Cooper's, a Toythop, ihe Cor-
nerof Cnartes-street in the Strand, and at the ute:a Lamp
in Swallow-Street, Piteidilly, fealed with three Flower de
Luces, at 3s. 6d. each Botcle. And at the fui.e Places,
with the fame Seal; is fold the Doctor s famaus Stypticx, juit
publimhed, with which he preferved Numbers from f2liing un.
der the Surgeons Hajds, it being a fafe and abio'ute Cure
for all Cuts, Scratches, or Tairsi. the Ple:h, never fnifcring
any Wound that ic was dreft with, ever totefter, or leaving
any Scar or Scum benind it, with Directions how to uv It,
and its Perfections more at large. Price one Shilling.
ON Tuefday, Auguft the roth, wiil be ron for on Ware
\J wick Courfe, a Geld Turnbler 0° <0 -inineas of Value,
by any Horle, Mare cr Gelding, cury nz 12 Stone Weight,
Bridle and $:zddle incwded. +1 Contritul r to pay one .cui-
nea Entrances, and n» Contributor to pay four. On Wed
nefday, the rrth, a rlate of zo]. V.uue, by any Horie, &e.

and fince, isadvertisd a powder late
every re pect fully an{wers the uf of Coffee, and there being
2 largtr demend than was expected, feveral perfons went
without; care wil ve taken for the furure to prevent the
ike; 2 lurge parce, being ju‘t artived excceding fine and good
which may be tif-ed at che tirft houfe on the lefc hand in Be.
Rivage Yard on Ludgate Hill upone pair of Stairs, where any
Quanticy muy de had at .s. 6d. perpound. N. B. No lels
‘han one poundis fold; it will anfwer without mixture o.
coffee, and hath been much approved on fiance the Advertife-
ment.

_ On Monday will be publifvd, the fecond Vol. of
_** THE HUMORIST, being Effays upon feveral Sub-
jects, viz. An Account of the Author, Scockjobbers, Authors,
Travels,, fancy, jJouraziifts, che Weather, Hone, Educa-
tion, Prating, Modern Inventions, L:.xury, Libels, Popu
lar b fcontents, <zreat Men, Theatrical Entertainments,
Methodin Writing, Suicide, Infidelity, Publick Sports, Le-
vity, the Dury of siuthors, a Club of Authors,, Happinefs,
Women, Co ice-Houfes, Mafquerides, Patriotifm, Bithop
Burnet 8 Hiftory, Mortatity, the wharaéters of different N2-
tions, sedition, Hapers, fome Characters of tue nrefuut Age.
Printed for Tho. Woodward, at the Half-Moon over-againgt

Sts Dunitun's pis bas te Lbs eb S Tere. Where may be had, carrying 19 Scone Weight, Brd'e and Sad {ic inclu ied 3 -he
Il. Czro’s ¢ tere i £ t Pocket Vol th Winning Horfe (if requires) to be fold for 291, Cn Thinf-
atte Of eee vont" neh a Bia: ols. with the day, the r2th, x Plare of rol. Vaiue, by Gatloways, ar nine
mits “The Art of ‘Thinning, by Moat Crowfazy in 2 Vols,| Stone the highett y che, winning "to:fe (i reqan2i) to be
Oétavo ANB: BY Moa SEMa%g S-f fold rar z0l, The Horfss that run for the firit ang facond
. Plates to be thewn and e.te dat the Marke:-?!ace chuc Dy

Juft pnbdlith’d, in Pocket Volumes,
** A Serr of 36 new and correct Maps o* Scotland, di-
vided into Shires- Alfo a Sett of 50 new and correét Maps
tof the Couwst.es ot England, with the great Roids, and y in-
cial crofs Roads, thewing the computed Miles fron Town
Both by H. Nou, Geographer. Printed and fold
by Tho. Bovvies, in sz. P ul s Chureh-Yard, and J, Bowles
over-giinit Stocks-ML.rket, and at Mercers-Hall.
Where may be had
.L ARCHITECTURE, rearefenting the
five Oiders, ‘vith the r feveral Doors and Windows, taken |
‘from Tnizo Jones, and other celebraced Architecis. With
‘Tales oc Drogortions. + tkewife the Artof Sound :suilding.

f:vennight b-fore they run. Tue Gailoways to be ihew
enter'd the Day before they run.’ Ws, a and
Agunittthee VENER EAL DISEASE,
ALF. .amous Italian BOLU.>, has fogteu: sucrefs in
the Cure of the Venereal Lileafe; that aot one oF ine
greit Numbers tht dai.y tare itinifso: 2 periece Cres gad
-hough 10 very cheap as 28. 6d. cuch, yetr our volufles never
fai. co root out and carry off the meft malignant, virnient
land obftinate ‘kind ot the venereal Difeait; without Confne-
ment, or making your Cafe known to any 3; which, if it fails
to do, the Money isrci:urned. This great MNviediciae UKe-wife
deftroys Mercury, and carr tes it out of the Rody, andr hereby
ae oae relieves thofe unicrtunate Perfons who have :allen ints h
Both by Wm. Halfpenny. . ands infonner Cures. [Is to be had on‘y at the ome
This Dey is publithed, Sword the corner of Ruffei-Srrect, over againft Wii's Coffee
*{* PROPOSALS tor printing by Subfcription, a Tran- | Houfe, Covent-_arden ; and if fold at any otuer Place is Cour-
flation of Monfeur Ravin Thoyra's Gencral Hiftory of|terteic. .
England, wh ch, 2tter a thort Introduction, explaining the} +-Leétuarium Mirabile: -Or, the Admirable Ele
Manners, Cuftoms, Ufages, “overnment, and the Religion | ‘~, which intailibly cures all Degrees and Symptoms ot
rof the Antient Britons, co amences with the Invafion of J- | {ecret Dife ue, with more Eafe, speed and Safety, than any.
lius & “fur, and concludes with tie Revolution. A further| Medicine yet publithed; any cld ~ unning, &e.” thongh of
Accovnt of ths ufctul and Judicions Performance, is con-| feveral Tears {tanding, whether occafioned by aa over-frrain
tain’d in the vlan or Scugine pr.nted wich the Propofals, | Wesknefs of the Seminall; or the Relicts aa ‘armet Infecti-
whieh may be had of W. Mears at te amb, F. Clay at} on, iscertainly curd in 4 thort Time, without a Minute’s
the Bid’e, ang D. Bw Wy J im Tix R ee Svan, all with- Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ue of Aftringents; being a
PONT Qompie Bar i, J. ewenen, and A Saashede) Covent- | Medicine fo wonderfully pleafant and eafy in its -peration
|S" oeChar J. the Stroud » and 4. Vanderbceck, near| that the niet Palate, or weakeft Conttitntion, may take ic
|, Exeter-Ghange in the strane. with Delight: Two Pots are genérally fafficient to campleat
Juft publithed a Cure inmof Cafes. To be had only ofthe Anchor Dr. Cami,
.*, Mr. Forman's Letter to the Right Honourable Wil-|4 Graduate Phy“cian, who has oublithed it 20 Yeats. and is
‘liam Putney, Ef; thewing how pernicions the Imvperiaj | conftantly to be advisd with at his cionfe at the Golden-Baft
‘Company of Com uerce and Navigation, latety eftablifhed | and Lamp, in Bow-Church-Yard in Cheapfide, at i ilf'a Gnined
in the Aultrian Nethcriands, is likely to prove to Great Bri-} the Pot.
tain, as well ast) Hollund. ’ INCTURA NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordial
. Pro rege {-pe ; Pro Republica fennner, . Tincture for the Nerves, beicg an approved, experienced
Printed for and fold by S. Buffey in Ivy-Lane, Pater-Nofter-] and never-failing Medicament in ‘nkivg, languifhing, and
Row. Price rs. lowne’s of Spirits, Palpitaiio., or Trembling o* the Heart. in
all paralitick, foporofe and coavu'iive Niftempers, and in all
Afbittions oj the Head ani Nerves it in allib.y orevents the
oad Effeétso: Co“‘ce and Tea on the Ner-es, hich --e-ciong
in moft People the above-mentiored Diforiers (v.tii nany
more, which you llee at letge in che Book of printed Dire +-
oas) but yet by taking 2 few Prong of this malt oleafine dae
licate Cordial, in the -ift Drs o Cottes cf Tea, you may then
drimkac iterty; ‘or this great sfedicine pene vetes through
the whole ne vous Syftem, and fo recruits the Rr-in an?) pw.
corJia with a “ull Indux o* exniting Sp‘rits, which per orm the
Pufinefs of vical Function with freth Aldcrity, ond new drisk-
ne; fo thir the Pulfe, which Iay ‘ecbic ant WaveTing, now
falls a beating vigoroully, rnd with Breet Evactnels 4 ineteés
ever, it wonder‘ully difperfes Fear, Sadnefs, con'us'd Thoughts,

. Juft publith’d,

*.* A brie! and trne Relation of the uncommon and fur-
prifing Café of EDWARD MILLARD, of Lengnort, :n
the County of Somerfet ; fhewing the ‘ear.ul Tragedy of his
! Life, and his hard Condicts itn the Power of Darknefs ;
{ wherein the great-Mercy and Power of God hath tecn ma.
nifefted, in a wonderful Manner, in fliccouring the tempted
and defnairing Soul, recollected and written by himfelfs and
publithed for a Memorial to the Glory of God, and the Be-

like Temptations. The fecond Edition, with fome Additi-
ons, wherein the Caufes of his Mifery are more larlgely fer
forth. Printed for. J. Wilford in Little Britain. Price 6d.
Where may be had, The fourth Edition of Dr. Delaune’s
Sermon of Criginal Sin. Price qd.

ULAPIUM ASTHMATI<:UM, or the Afthmatick Ju
lep, which is known by many Years Exnericn¢e to be a ne-
ver failing Medicine in old obftinate Afthma’s, whofe fuffo.

cating Fit it putsol in a Moment; it gives a perte*t Reliet
in ftraining laborious Conghs, that are unmercifully trouble-
fome Night and Morning ; ’tisa moft excellent Remedy for
Shortnefs of Breath upon any Motion, and in Breathing with
Difheulty, Straightnefs of the Breaft, with Hoarfenefs and
Wheezing. Nothing exceeds this admirable Julen, fur by open-
ing the Brouchial Diicts and Penumonick Paffages; it pene-
trates in the inmoft Recefics of the Lungs, and there meeting
with tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Phicgm, fo attenuates,
divides, moves and works it, that by coughing andfhitting, ir
expectorates and throws up all fich Matter with the greateft
Eafe and Pleafitre, thereby cleanfing and freeing the Breaft
and Lungs, when ftufted up and clogged with a heavy Load, and
fo prevents Confumptions, Ulcers of the Lungs, &c. Note.
Tt is a fafe and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken by Spoonfuls:
according to the printed Tireétions, without the leaft Confine
ment, or Danger of catclang Cold. To be had at Mr. George
Strahan’s at the Golden-Ball over- aint the Royal-Exchange.

Cernhill, afd at no offer Place.. 28 6¢

Twitchings o- the Legs .nd arms, diftarb dSle*: 5 and ali the
difmal Train 0° Vapours and Melancholy = It like-wife ftops
and is now in great Efteem amongit Qualiiy of the frit Rank.
Sold anly at G. Strahin’s, Bookfeller; at the Tolden Ball. in
Place. Price 2s. 6d.
@! John Rydings, living at the Plongh
fa long afflicted with fmé Eyes, which nro-
ccededirom an ex'rrordinary Cold, fo that
World, had I not been aivifed to app'y ‘ny felf to Mrs. Ca-
ter, atthe Hand and Fyc in Caftle-Ceurt in Birchin-Lane,
as could be expesSted, to the Surpriz: of all thar knew me;
and this I defire may be publifhed for the Benefit of thofe
perienced a Berfon. Given under my Hand the rsth of Tune.
1725. John Rydings,
curesthe Agne, withcut the leaft Grain of Cortex, or that
they call the Jefnits Bark. Price Sve Shillings the Vial. No

Vomiting, puts of Naweoufnefs, procures a goo: -Lonstite,
Cornhill, over again the Royal-Exchange, and at- no other
Aleioufe in Storks-Market, having been
I was in Danger of lofing my Sight, while I lived in this
who, under God, hath made a verieéc Cure in as thort atime
that may have the Misfortune to want the Affitance of fo ex.
Note, She enres withont any Inftrament ; an: the infallibly
Letters received except Poft paid..
 | Jul publifh’d, the 2d Edition of, = 5

*,.* Defiderious 5 or, the Original Pilgrim, a Divine Dia-
gue. Saewing the moft compendious Way to arrive at the
Love of God. Render’d into Englith, and explain'’d with
iNates, by Lawrence Howell, A. M. Printed tor Geo. Stra-
‘han, at the Golden Ball over-againft the Royal-Exchange
in Cornhill. Where may be had ;

tr. ‘The New-¥car's Gift compleated. In fix Parts. Con-
taining, The Ladies Preparation to the monthly Sacra-
ment. To which are added, Contemplations on the fevera]
Stages of onr Saviour’s Life 5; with Soliloquies on the Gof-
pels, and Devotions tor feveral Occafions. The 3d Edition,
with Additions. . Mee.

2. A. Guide to Etemity: Extracted out of the Writings of
the holy Fathers and ancient Philofophers. Written in La-
tin by John Bona. Tranflated into Englifh by Sir Roger
Littrange. The gth idition _. .

3. Tne whole Duty ofa Chriftian, by Way of Queftion
and Anfwer; exactly purfuant to the Method of the whole
Duty of Man, and defign’d for the Ule of Charity Schools.
Tine 6th Edition, corrected by Robert Nelfon, Efq;

This Day is publifhed, (to be continued Monthly)
Numb. I. of .
*,* Mr. de Rapin Thoyras's Hiftory of England, the.
moft impartial Excant, about whieh he has been employ'd
above 17 Years, and by the Means of Rymer's Collection of
_ publick Acts, (which no Engtifh Hiftorian before him cver
confulted) has been enabled, r. ‘To correct the Dates of
numbericf Facts. 2. To difcover multitudes of Miftakes,
in the beft Englifh, Sco:ch, French, Italian, and Spanifh
. Hiftorians. 2. 'To determine upon many Occafions the Dif-
ferences among Hiftorians. 4. ‘To nfert in his Hiftory fe-
veral Events, omitted or but flightly mentioned by others.
He gives the beft Account of the Saxon Affairs ; and at the
clofe of every Century. you have the State of the Church,
with many curious Differtations inferted in the Body of his
Hiftory. Done into Englifh from the French, with additi-
onal Notes. By N. TINDAL, Vicar of Great Waltham,
-Effex. Printed for James and John Knapton, at the Crown
in St. Paul's Church- Yard.

N. B. There will bein all 25 Numbers in four Pocket Vo-
Inmes. No. I. contains the Preface, Introduction, and from
the Invafion of Julius Ceefar tothe Calling in of the Sax-
ons; with an Account ef the Britifh Chure

N. B. No. II. is inthe Prefs, and in a few Days will be
-pudlifhed. |

HE, beft Watcr inthe World, fo call’d by thofe who have
T experienced it to befo forthe Itch, or any itching FLu-
mours. lt hath been taken inwardly for the King s-Evil. It
is good to cure fore Eyes, or any other Sores, Ulcers, or Fi-
| ftulas: it has preferved feveral from having their Limbs cut off,
when all other Means have failed. Sold by the Perfon that
makes it, at the Sign of the Green Canifter next to the Dog
and Bear Innat London Wall near Little Moregates who is
the Original and only Perfon that can make it. Soldby Mr.
Gouge at the Caftle in Weftminfter-Hall, Mr. Radford’s
Toythop at the Rofe and Crown over-againft St. Clement's
Church-Yard in the Strand near Arundel-ftreet, Mr. Raw's at
the North Entrance of the Royal-Exchange, over-againft Bar-
tholomew-Lanc, Mr. Stewart Bowyer, Boo eller, under Ald-
gate Church over-againft the Minories, Mr. Fan, Brufhmaker
in St. Mary Ax. N.B. It hasno Smell. Price 1s. 6d. each
Rottle, with printed Directions how to weit. What is fold
clfewhere cannot be depended on, being counterfeited.

WRIGH T's Diuretick, or cleanfing Tincture,

Ky Bich urinally difcharges all the feces or putrid relicks of
V the Lues Alamode, or Venereal Infection, and caufes
its Concommitants, the wretched Train of that complicated
Diftemper, asa mucous, filthy,. fanious Matter ladg'd in the
cins, or {permatick Parts, which either caufe a fharpnefsin
the Uline, or too frequently provokesit. This Relick 7s
difcoverable, vartly by the fibfequent Symptoms, viz. by a
i ebility or Weaknefs of the Back, a fetid nauftous, and |
averting Smell of the Urine, with a purulent Matter, or
fecuient Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or flying in it, with
Variety of Figures. Farther, this Tincture efpecially carries
of all Relicks of the Venereal Difeafe, after il managed
Cures, not only cleanfing the Urinary P es of all Sand,
Gravel, Films, or membraneous Pellicles, &c. but after a
Singular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftoring them, and
ail thei genital Parts, to their original Tone and Ufe, though
41¢ Misfortune and Decay be of the longeft Date, with an e-
cot Succes in cach Sex. To be had tor ros. per Bottle, with
: .ections for its Ufe, only athis Houfe, the Golden Head
i! two Lamps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill.

: T th HUNGARY WATER WARE-
, A HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Comb,

! a Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage-
} Inn on Ludgate-Hill, is fold right French
Hungary Water, being the fame Sort fold
Y fevcral Years paft, and is eafily diftinguithed
Aj) from the pernicious counterfeit Sort fold a+
ceAaR wee! bout the Town, pretended to be imported
von, Montpelier, &e. Cikewife the following foreign Com-
yo ities are fold at the fame Place, viz. .

i ant French Hungary Water, at 1 s. 3d. the Half-Pint
-ottle.

Fine Florence Oil, at 2s. per Flask. . )
“ight Trin: Ufqueban h, at 2s. the Half-pint Bottle,
‘ine Orange-Flower Water, at 1s _ 6d. per Flask. .
41 Sorts 0” Leghorn and Bernwda Hatts for. Ladies.
~. B. There is a Sign-Paper on ¢ach Bottle and Flask, to

LOND

-

‘event Countericits;.

~

W HEREAS Sir James Lumley of Great Bardfield in
VV the County of Effex, Bart. hath been found a Luna-
tick, upon a Commiffio. lately taken out againit him tor
that purpofe, by Mrs. Eliz. Neville, andthe Cuftoy, Care,
and Management of the Perfon, and Eftate of the faid Lu-
natick, hath been granted to the {aid Mrs. Neville (his
Kinfwoman) who hath given Security to account for his
Eftate @mc thall come to her Hands as Comittee of the
faid Lunatick: ‘Thefe are therefore to defire ail Perfons
who have any Debts or Demands upon the faid Sir James
Lumiey, or his Eftate, orthwith to fen! an Account there-
of to Mr. ‘Vim Newland, an Attorney, in Nagg’s-Head-
Court Grace-Church-Street, London, in order to their being
paid the fame. ELIZ. NEVILLE.

SRLEN or ftray’d out of the Grounds of Mr. John
Rayner of Thaxfted, in the County of Effex, on the
18th of this Initant uly, in_the Night, a black Punch
Mare abouc 6 Year old, 14 Hands and a halr high, two
white Feet behind, and a white Blaze on her Forehead, a
white Snip on her Noft, a little white on her Jower Lip,
with a Saddle Spot on her off Side. Whoever brings her
to Mr. John Rayner, aforefid, or to Mr. Speering at the
Rain Deer Inn in Bifhops Stafford, or to Mr. True at the
White Hart Inn at Braintree, or to Mr. Barns at the Sara-
cei's Head Inn at Aldgate, London, fhall receive one Gui-
nea Reward and reafonable Charges. ;
Specifick Drops tor DEAFNESS,
Wiha entirely cure that ivlis‘ortune, fo as not to return
again, after ail other Means have been ufed without
Succef$; as all Thicvnefs ot itearing, Pain and Noife in the
Ears, &¢ ‘The wonderful Etects or the laudable 1 ROPS are
truly furprizing, for they Xemedy all Defe-ts of the hearing
Faculty, tho’ of many Years ftanding, almott in an In’.ane
caufing thofe to hear exce:ding quick and well, who be‘ore
were Ina manner totallydeaf. Flundreds who were fo very
bad, as not able to liear a Drum when beat ciofe by them, and
therefore defpair'd of being ever reliev'd, have been quickly
and perfectly cnred by them, to their great foy and Admir--
tion. They alfo effe-tually remove all Pain occafion’i by Cold,
comfort and ftrengthen the Tympanum, or Drum o° the Ear,
free the au:litory Nerves from ‘ :bitruction, and rectify +11 Dit:
orders fo abfolurely, and in fo fore a Space of Time, that
on? would fearce think it poffible, did not the largeft Expe-
rience evince the Truth of it. In a Word, nothing in N2-
ture can come near them for the certain and alm ‘ft immedi-
ate Cure of DEAFNESS, proceeding fr-m what Canfe fo.
ever; but the great Efteem and Reputation they have juftly
in'd for many Years paft, have occafion’d (as ufual in fuch
fes) many Counterfeits to come abroad, beware th»refore
of fuch Impofitions, thefe excellent and only true Specifick
D being to be only, bythe Anthor’s A pointment,
of the Gentlewoman at the T’: eae Poftsin Haydon-Yard
in the Minories, at 3 s. 6d. 2 Bottle, with Directions, and
no where elfe in England. a.
The Grand Specifick for cleanfing and ftrengthning the
eins, &e.
A Medicine that may be depended on as abfolutely effectual
for carrying off by Urine, fately and fpeedily, all the
Relicks of fecret Injuries, Remains of pernicious unskilfully
repared meycurials, gleets, or weakneflés, throngh tedious or
1il-managed cures of the Venereal Difeaie ; or from felt-po-
lution, inordinate coltion ; alfo any weaknefles of the Veffels
trom wrenches, ftrains, blows, or falls, and all other obftruéti-
ons in the urinary paflages, even ftranguaties, ulcers, &c. are
pertectly.eured by it, be they of ever fo long ftanding. This
noble {pecifiek is alfo of fingular and very extraordinary ufe
and .efhcacy, where there 1s any gravel, or even fmall ftones,
ftime, or any other mattcr thatobitructs the urine; bringing
all away in a few times taking, with fatety. It ftrengthens
and, recovers, after 2 peculiar manner, all relaxations of the
veflels, confirms the parts, bringing all into right order, and
thereby perfects the cure to admiration. It’s a very pleafant
medicine, and may be taken with pleafure, and will be found
of wncommon benefit to mankind, beyond expectation ;
which is the reafon of its being made publick, and to obvi-
ate the ignorine of pretenders in all the cafes above-men-
tioned. One bottle, in moft cafes, is fuficient fora pertect
cure, as you will fee by the dire&tions given with it. Sold for
7S. 6d, the bottle at Mr. Lockton’s toyfhop at the Griffin,
the corner of buckictsbury in the poultry.
A. new Edition is juft publifhed, of
} T°HE Praéti¢al Scheme of the SECRET
DISEASE, 2 GLEET, and a Broken
Gonftirution by faft Living, former Cures,
- Salivations, | crcury, &c. teaching Perfons

: to underftand Rightly theirown Cafe, and
= | tocure themfelves without making their
dicated

Condition known to any one.
‘to Dr. Chamberlen. This highly _ufeful

j ve little Book.is Given Gratis Up One Pair o
Stairs at the Celebrated Anodyne NECKLACE, Recom-
‘mended by Dr. Chamberlen for Children’s Teeth, ‘ next to the
Rofe Tavern without Temple-Bar. and at Mr. Jeremiah
Pain’ the Sign of the Runch of Grapes the fir® Toyfhop on
Right H wt within Pope’s Head-Ally from Cornhill
righé over-againft the Royal-Exchan e. Where are to be had
the s Anodyne NECKLACES for Children's Teeth
fealed up along with the Liquid Coral to make the Guins give
way for the Teeth to come out without Pain. Price both to-
get ss Andthe famous Pe&toral LOZENGES for that
t neafinefs at Stomach called the HEAR T-BURN, fix-pence

Paper
ON: Printed by

\

‘Expreffion.

f{ing the globules of the lungs dried up, and

A BIST, in Great.-Carter-Lane.

The Great Reftorative, | oo,
Is all hyfterick Difcafes, whither hypochondiiach Melancholy
in Men, or Vapows in Women, however citcumftanced, or
to what Degree foever advanced, or of ever folong ftauding
arc tpeedily and infallibly cured, fo as ncver to.return again,
by a pleafant compound Medicament, chymically prepared of
the choiceft Anti-Hyftericks in the whole Art of Chymiftry :
This Medicine having cured Thoulunds of Men and Women
of Melancholy and Vapours, may be depended on for a perfesy
Cure ; it ftrikes immediately at the firft Caufe of this Ditem-
per, and entirely deftroys it Root and Branch, rectifying that ~
vifiated Ferment in the Stomach, whici is generally the firft
and chief Caufe, and thereby cures [ndigettion, purifies the -
Blood and Spirits, ftrengthens the Brain and Nerves, chears
the whole Frame, ftops Vomiting, clears the Head from confir-
fed Thoughts, removes Fears, Sadnefs, difturb’d Sleep, Twitch-”
ings of the Arms or Legs, cures Paipitation or Trembling of
the Heart ; and indeed al! other the many and various Syinp-
toms that attend this grievous Diftemper; jor take away the
Caufe and the Effect willceafe. Sold for 4s. 6 d. the Bottle, °
at the Golden Ball on Puddle-Dock-Hill, near Ludgate-Streat
and no where elfe. ?
_. The PROLIFICK ELEXIR.
Medicine of ineftimable Worth for the Cure of BARS -
RENNESS in Women, and IMBECILI¢Y in Men
and that by promoting the chearful Cutricie of the Blood and
Juices, raifing all the F'luids from their languid depreffed Stare
to one more florid and fparkling, opening all’ Obftrustins,
fortifying the Nerves, encreafing the animal S irits, reftoring
a juvenile Bloom, and evidently replenithing the crifpy Fibres
the whole Habit w.th a generous Warmeh and balmy Moi-
fture, and thereby invigerating it to fuch a Degree as not to
be imigin’d, but by thofe who have experienc’d how excéed-
ingly and fuddenly it renovutes, recruits, and powcriully

2 | ftrengtnens all the animal Faculties, and gener:tive Powers

in borh Sexes. It enforces a bright lively Difpoficion, banith
Melancholy, and infpires Mirth ond Gladnets fF Heart, beyond
Abundance of Ladi-s, who tor feveral Years.
were deemedincurably barren, have quick'y, atter taking it,
coneelved, and become fruitful; and greae Nicnbers of Gen-
tlemen, who, by faft Living, or otherwift, had render’d them-
felves incapable of Procre tion, have foon been enabiei by
it to propag ite their Species 5 infomuch, that very many il-
luftrious families, who, for want of Children, were almo# in-
confolable, are now bleft with happy Mlue, ani are (under
Providence) indebted to this great Medicine for thir ; leirs.
{t rectifies all 5)if’ rders of the Stomach, creates an Appetite,
procures a gov vigeltion, and in all Weaknefs oc Body, or
ecay of Coniti:ution of any Kind, is a moft admirable Re-
medy, ande,.en fecms to keep back the Effects of old Age ir
felf. {t isto tetaken but afew Drops at a Time, his a very
fine Flavonr, is pleafant to the Palace, cerdial to the Sro-
mach, and can be had only at the Two Bine-Pofts in Haydon-
Yard in the Minories, at 5s. a Bottic, with Directions.
The Princely LOTION, |

HICH beautifiesrhe Face, Neck, and Hands to the ut-

_ moft Perrection, and is in the greateft Etteem amongit
Ladies, &c, of the tirlt Quality: No Words cam fufficiently
exprefs its Virthes; for itis not Paint vo put a falfe and un-
natural Glofs on the Skin, but a true Remedy, that by its
Ufe really adds a Luitre to the moft beancviful, by ihewing
the fine Featyyes of the Face, and beautifying the Neck and
Hands to the greateft Perfection , and is fo fafe that it may
be taken inwardly It infallibly kills Worms in the Face,
takes away Freckles, Spots, Wrinkles, Pitsor Marks of the
Small-Pox, and afiuredly cures any Defetts in the Face, giving
a charming, youthful Luftre, and fine Air to the “catures, to
Admiration. As for firch Perfons as are of a fwarthy Gom-
or troubled with any difagreeable Rednefs, Rough-

p.exion
M it is nctto be narallel’d:

nefs, Morphew, Heats, or the like,
For it immediately fmooths, clears, plumps, nomithes and
whitens the Skin to the laft Degree ; and makes tho® Per-
fons who before look’d hagged and.old, to look young, beau-
tiful and fair; and, in fhort, it far exceeds any Thing that
was €ver yet ktiown, or made publick, tor clearing and beau.
tifying the Skin. Is fold only at Mr.Ward's Toyikop at the
Peacock next the Swan Tavern, againft the oyal Exchange
in Cornbill, at 2s, a Bottle,

N. B. Mr. Ward, by my Order,
Country Shopkeepers, &c. that fend for it by the Dozen (for
ready Money) to fell again : It will keep twice feven Years... -
and gives univerfal Satisfaction. It is a late acquir'd Secret, .
Known to none but the Author thereof. .

An infallible Remedy for broken winded Horfes.:.

T HA 'T hath been publifhed and fold many years béfore-

any counterteits in other forms appeared; and highly”
commended trom one friend to another; the vaft quantities:
that have been fold, doth alfo verity the tinth of its efficacy
and viftues, which moft perfectly cures them, after many
things premiféd have been ineffeétual, to a wonder, in 2-
{mall time, without confinement, by attenuating and open-
eh all paflages ob-
ftructed by humours dripping thereon, occafioned by hard ri-
ding, colds, &c. It caufes prefently a tree peripiration, re-
newing its force, vigour and_length, as wellas ever, thofé
only a little touch’d it cures immediately, as aifo all coughs,
colds, wheefings, &c. being alfo excellent in. preventing ma-
ny other diftempers, by maintaining, preferving and contie
nuing a good breath ; and, in a word, by this medicine alone,
many Horfes have becn made fo perfeétly found, and have
been fold for ro or 121. which being broken winded could not
before be fold for 3 or 41. is fold at Wir. Lockton’s toyfiop at
the Griffin, the corner of bucklersbury in thé poultry, at qs.
6d, thequart bottle, withdirefiony. © <s#"

gives good Allowance ta:
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 24 July 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786136/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 