’ for. him to win. Therefore, in that Cafe, the

rs . it j a’
’ -

-e5) T is a generous Ambition to bene-
A fit many, to oblige Communities,

2 a=
« é
‘s
as rio I
vt FEC a ie Se

. . 7¢
+ Ea

+.

eae | betel which can no ways be fo well
Fa sip done as by endeavouring to fub-
ree tet@ vert vitious Cuftoms, which are

Sievesaces the Pefts and Poifons of all So-
cieties. ‘The Heathens_had many’ Ceremonies of
Luftrations for, their Cities and Countries, but he
that could purifyand refine their Manners, would,
indecd, attain the Subftance of thefe Shadows.
And becaule the Apoftle tells us, bat evil Words
corrupt goot Mannexs, ‘twould be a fundamental
Piece of Reformation, to introduce a better Sort
of Converfe in the World: A Defign worthy of a
noble Soul, to try to new model the Age in this
particular, co make it poflible for Men, to be at
once converfable and innocent. I aim fenfible it
will be obje@ed, ‘tis too vault a Proje& for one, or
many fingle Perfons to uidertake ; Yer Difheul-
tices ufe to animate generous Spirits, efpeci-
ally when (as here) the very Attempt is lau-
dable. Buras. Crit fays of Wifdom, fo may we
of Courage, The Chileren cf this World are more da-
ring than the Children of Light.

The great Corruprers of Difcourfe have not
been fo diftruftful of themfelves :. For it is vifible
to any that will reflect, that it is within Man’s
Memory fince much of this monftrous Exorbi-
tancy of Difccurfe grew in Fafhion, particularly
the Acheiftical and Blafphemous. . The firft Pro-
pugners of ir were but few, and durft then but
whifper their black Rudiments, yet the World
fees what a Harveft they have from their Devilith
Induftry. And fhall we give over our Clime as
forlorn and defperate, and conclude, thar nothing
which -is not venomous will grow in our Soil ?
Would fome of Parts and Authority but make
the Experiment, Icannot think that all Places
are yet fo vitiated, but that they may meet with
many who would relifh fober and ingenuous Dil-
courfe, and, by. their Example, be animated to
propagate it to others: But as long as Blafphemy,
Ribaldry, and Detraftion fet up for Wit, and car~
ry it withour any Competition, we do implicitly
yeild that Title we difpute not: And it is hard
to fay, whether their Triumphs be more owing |
torhe Boldnefs of ill Men, or the Pufillanimity
of the Good. _ :

What if, upon the Trial, they fhould mect with
the worfer Part of St. Paul's Fate at Athens, That
fome will mock, yet, perhaps, they may partake of
the better alfo, and find others that would be
willing to hear them again, and fome few, at leait,
tuay cleave unto them. And fure they are too ten-
dey and delicate, that will rum no Hazzard, nor
be willing to bear a little Share in that prophane
Drollery, with which an Apoftle was, arid their
God is daily affaulted ; efpecially when by thus
expofing themfelves, they may hope to give fome
Check to that impious Liberty. |

However, befide the  Sarisfaétion of their own
Confciences, they may alfo gain this Advantage,
that it may be a good Teft by which to try their
their Company. For thofe whom they find im-
patient of innocent and profitable Difcourfe, they
may .affure themfelves, can only enfnare, not be-
nefit them ; and fte is a very weak Gamefter that
will be drawn to play upon fucli Terms as make
it highly. probable for him to lofe, but impoflable

Advice of Solomon is very proper, Go from the Pre-

SATURDAY, AUGUST 7,

aes MIST’s WEEKLY FOURNAL.

1725.

fence of a foolifo Man, when thor perseived not in him-

the Lips of Knowledge.

PRetsiing that you may have fome Lovers as
well as Politicians among your Readers, I
venture to fend you a fmall Leffon of Poetry,
which was occafion’d by a young Lady's having
entertained the Author with the Song of Celia
to Damon, whofe Reply may go for a fecond
Part to the fame Tune: If you think the Per-
formance will be acceptable to the Publick, be
pleafed ro infert it, and you will oblige,
| Your humble Servant,
PHILO-MUSAUS.

DAMON to CELIA.

Harmer, you know, that along ago,
My Heart was yours, and yours alone;
Could it then be t’another fhe ,
An Offering made, when not my own ?
Wirnefs ye Swains throughout the Plains,
Did ever any other Name
Sound thro’ the Grove, but her’s I love,
Alas! with too fincere a Flame?
Witnefs ye Woods and filver Floods,
__ Each filent Shade and purling Stream,
Whene’er I play‘d my artlefs Reed,
Was any other Nymph my Theme ?
The feather’d Choir joyntly confpire,
To prove your injur’d Shepherd true ;
They’ve Icarnr from me, on ev'ry ‘Free,
To warble nothing elfe but you.
The Trees no lefs my Love confefs,
For all th’ extended Foreit round,
Where’er a Bark deferv’d the Mark,
Your Name has madea graceful Wound. °
Oh! were but you to meas true,
I fhould not feel the greateft Pain ;
For all agree there cannot be
A greater than to love in vain,
Whioe’er may range, I cannot change,
' Nor ever love another She ;
No other Fair was c’er my Care,
_ Nor has a fingle Charm-for me.
When yonder Sun fhall backwards run, _
And Tides fhall ceafe t’ obey the Moon ;
When Flames no more fhall upwards roar,
Nor heavy Bocies centre down;
When Nature's Courfe fhall change its Force,
And by new Laws inconftant move ;
Then will I ceafe of female Race,
Thee, lovely Fair, alone to love.

Mr. Journal-Man, -

Mutt teil her, thar I have made creat Infpe-
tions into her Paper of. t’orher Week, and
muft fay, that her Countryman is very full of his
Pribbles, Prabbles, and awl that, and prates very
wantonly of a Body of Men of creat Worths and
Honours, look you; with great Incoherencys,
Speculations, and random Obfervations, and Re-
flections, upon Perfons, and Peoples, and-Proffet-
fions, and Perticulars, and in Perticulars, upon.
her good Couzin fobany ap Aunfice, our modern
Genealogift ; and awl frtvoth becaufe Mr: shone

could not gec Preferments her nown felf. °
Her was tell you, Couz. Mi/?, tho’ her-is no
Merlin, yet would have her to know, her can di-
vine fo well as the beft Shones of ‘em awl ; there-
fore would with Mr. Shones nox to be {0 puify a-

- Warlike Preparations. —--i« In the meatiaes
_ Miriwey$ doubts not of recovering all thomas

yet a young Boy, yet her creat Conz., Kipé can
Devicements, whereby to let Mri Shones knéwj

as Cver were ; as fur Examples, a

A. B. Was indebied to C.D. 9001, 18 5. ever
fince the Year of her creat Cod 1688, being a
memorable Year for Wondermen:s and Hononrs,
and Clouds of Clorys ;
E. D. after giving A. B. many Defyances in Laws,
and Pleadings of Priviledges, Prote@ions, Procra-

Advancements to thefe Honours, has, in awful Re
gard to his Oath, (obferve, I pray you, Couz
Mift) in facred Refpe& to his Oath; he has fent
for and paid the faid B, )
and to the Fulne(s of all Demands in Laws, with-
out any Quibbles. or Quirks, to the Honour of
Cod and Glory of his ane’,
Chijo é van maur ij:

Scotch Chaplain, a German Valet, and @ French -
Steward, whom he hasturn’d to their Primitive,
Scrubbing, Swilling, and Dancing, having made
creat Refolutions of feeding none bur honeft
Beet-Eaters.

Llantrifbent, $1-
ly 26, 1725.

Your loving Coufin, and :
Brother Tarr,

I hopesto fee this in your next. .

FOREIGN AFHAIRGS ~
Letters from the North, acvife, that the Ruf

Ports in Café of need.
to prevent his Britannick Majefty’s Minifter, ac~

daily expected) on Pretence that the Polanders
are very much exafperated againft that Minifter,
on Account of the Writings which he has pub-
lifhea about the Affair of Thorn, and that they:
are forming a Confederacy, to hinder any Satig-
fa&tion being made the Proreftants for what was
done there. oe
. The Advices we received from Conftantinoplé,
and communicated to the Publick in our laft

{ bat one, of the Motions of Miriweys towards |
Erivan and Tauris, with a great Arniy, aré now * ..
confirmed by-.Letters from Warfaw, with the:

Confequence thereof, viz. the taking of the lar=
‘ter of thofe Cities, and the entire Defeat of the
Ottoman Army

mentioned) by an Underftanding between Miri«-
weys andthe young Sophi, without any Reg
to the Treaty with the Ruffian and Op
Powers, has occafioned them to bend the

ces that Way, to the no. finall SatisfaQil
fome Princes, who had taken Umbrage a

ces that have been lately taken from the P%
«Monarchy.
 ‘Bhey write frons Sweden, thet ag foon as

bout her’ young Couz. Genealogift, alsho’ hé ‘bd:
give him creat Cunnings, Knowledments, and.

that thele new Collar Men are'fo ereat Worthys _

but the faid C. D, dying; —

ftinations and Proteftations, 4. B. upon his new

D. honourably, juftly, .

Which is fo much as to fay, (match him who can.)
Her will tell her farther, the fail Worthy, had 9 -

J. THOMAS.

fian Fleer will not put to Sea this Year; and, -
thac if rhey had, the Court of Sweden would. :
have permitted them to retire to one of their
That many of the | ~
Grandees of Poland are ufing their Endeavours '

companying the King to Warfaw, (where he.is °

that lay before it, which wag-:.
‘accompany‘d with the Redu@ion of: that whole.
Province. ‘This being done (as we have alfa -

.

. ar
- ‘ -
-
» . . ~ 7
nd ‘
. * * ‘ /.

vt
 =~
~~.

Staniflaus, who ftiles himfelf King of Poland, had
potify’d his Daughter's Marriage with the King
of France, the Court ordered his Penfion to be
: paid him both for the prefent aud for the Year
* enfuing, -——— ing Auguttus, being apprehen-
five of what may be in Agitation between thofe

two Courts to his Prejudice, has fent a Minifter

pfivately to Madrid, in order to get himfelf
comprehended in the late Treaty at Vienna, be-
tween their Imperial and Catholick Majefties :
The former has already given his Confent, and,
tis Surppofed, the latcer ac this Jun&ure will not
long be averfe to it.

_ Londonderry, Fuly 23. A yourg Popifh itine-
rant Preacher has been whipp’d through the
principal Streets of this Place, and put in the
Pillory, for ufing moft blafphemous and wicked
Expreffions in his Agttations.

. Dublin, Pie 31. Our Parliament is to meet
for Bufinefs the 7th of September ; and, ’tis faid,
Mr. Pratt’s Affair and fomething relating to the
Half-Pence will be taken into Confideration.

Glafgow, July 28. Our Magiftrares, who have
given Bail in 2000 Scotch Marks each, and were
fet at Liberty at Edinburg, return’d hither, as
it were in Triumph, being condu&ed with great
Attendance, and Bells ringing on the Occafion.

Ed'nburg, July 29. The Earl of Strathmore
was. marry’d laft Saturday to the Lady Sufanna
Cockran, Sifter to the iate Dutchefs of Hamil-
ton.———— The Brewers perfifting in their Re-
folutions all ro leave off Brewing, the Lords of
the Seffion have publifhed an AG for preventing a
Scavcity of Ale, Beer and Bread, in tke good Town
ef Edinburg, by which the Brewers are com-
manded to continue Brewing till November, and

to-come in and give rool. Security for perfor-
ming the fame; bur they don’t feem inclinable
to-comply with it: In the mean Time, the Town
and Cattle Guards are encreafed, anda Party of
Dragoons pofted extraordinary. —— The Magi-
firates of Elgin have fet the Soldiers at Liberty
whom they had imprifon’d for the Murder of
one of the Mob.—Dr. Tho. Dalrymple, his Ma-
-jefty’s firft Phyfician, dy'd on Friday laft.
Edinburgh, July 31. The Brewers have offer’d
a Petition againit the abovefaid A&, which the
Lords of the Jufticiary rejef&ted ; and, we hear,

have voted it feditious, &c. and order'd it to be

burnt by the Hangman.

York, Fuly 31. There was a remarkable Trial
laft Week at our Affizes, between fome Dealers
in the Flefh; rhe Occafion of ir thus: One Butch-
er having had great Familiarity with the Wife

cof another, gave her the foul Difeafe , the ap-

plies to a Doétor for Medicines for ’em both,
who gave her fuch as cur’d ‘em, but how to get

aid for.it feemed more difficuler, the Woman's

Husband being already a Prifoner, and the o-
ther denying he chad any Thing of him. The
DoGor who was as cunning in this Matter, as
skilfull in his Bufinefs, gets the good Dame on

- his Side, and fues the Gallant for the whole. It

_ appeared upon her Evidence, that he took part.

of the. Medicines, and was cur’d; and the’ fhe
took ‘the reft, they were all for him, he having
before, and fince, had the Ufe of her Body for
nine Years; fothe Jury gave it for the Dofor,
andthe. Butcher is to pay the Bill of Fare with
Coffe... :

Stafford, aug. 2. At the Afftzes held here on
Wedbefday -laft, thrae Men received Sentence of
Death's) Jon ‘Load. for Houfe-breaking ; John
Gofling;-and:-Samuel Byrch, for Mare-ftealing ;
but the latrer being almoft a Natural, -is re-
priced: Foug.were burnt in the Hand, and 3
whipp’d. One Samuel Rathbone was indiéed
oF robbing John Caldwell of a Pair of Stockings,

and 9 I. but was acquitted, it appering that the
Profecutor’s Wife was concerned in it, and that
the young Fellow, who was his Apprentice, had
a little coo much Refpe& for his Mittrefs.

Durham, Aug. 2. A Man was condemn’'d at our
Affizes for robbing his Wife: He was committed
for moft barbaroufly beating and abufing her, but
ic appearing thac he had a former Wife living,
was try’d for Felony, and convi&ed. Mr. Coats-
worth’s two Servants are found guilty ; one is to

be imprifon'd five Year, the other three, to ftand |

four times a Year in the Pillory, and to be whipt
1otimes round the Market every roth of June, be-
ing the Day they attempted to poifon their Mufter.

Norwich, Aug. 3. James Grice, who was to have
been an Evidence againft the four Perfuns com-
mitted upon his Iifo.marion, for ferting a Barn
aid Houfe on Fire, at Martham; arcthcir Trial
deny’d his Information, and faid, he krew no-
thing againft them: Whereupon he was arr.ign’d
for being concern’d therei:, found guilty, aid re-

‘eeiv’d Sentence of Death, but dy’d the next Day.

Southampton, Aug. 3. We have an Account
from Guernfey and Jerfey, that they are in great
Want of Corn in thofe Mlands, which has b:en
occafioned by the clandettine Exportation of 1
to France ; the Poor have for fome Time been
chiefly fubfifted by Calwarts, Cabbages, Turuips,
Carrots, and fuch like, without either Breid or
frefh Meat ; and that the Magiftracy have been
long under the Apprehenfions of an Infurreftion.

Worcefler, July 31. Our Affizes ended on Tuef-
day, when one Giles Barns was condemn'd for
ftealing Linnen Cloath, but repriev'd; Mary
Houghton, John Wright, Mary Mackferlin, Jane
Evans, and Mary Tilham, were burnt in the
Hand, for fmaller Crimes; feveral’ others were
try’d and acquitted. Three Criininals that lay
u der Sentence of Tranf,-ortation, were ordered
to be fet at Liberty. |

Lincoln, Aug. 4. On Friday laft Mr. Bifhop was
hang’d here for the barbarous Murder of his own
Mother (in order to get her Jointure:) A Horfe-

flea'er was hang’d with him ; they both confefs'd .

their Guilt.

Kingfien, Aug. 3. One Smith received Sentence
of Death here laft Saturday, for the Murder of
Mr. Hicks, anInn-keeper. He was fo great with
the Wife of the Deceafed, who was by when her
Husband was ftruck and thrown down Stairs,
which occafion’d his Death, that fhe was very
unwilling to have him apprehended, or to fay
any thing againft him at the Trial, thougi he
had confefs'd the Fa&t. A Boy was condenned
to be hang’d for Horfe-ftealing, and an old Wo-
man for robbing an Houfe, but were reprieved. |

Buckinzbim, Aug. 4. An old Woman of 71 was
eonvifted of Manflaughter in killing one Mar-
guret Beal, of 70, and was burnt in the Hand:
It feems the two warm Females had engag’d in
a hot Quarrel of Jealoufly, wherein the Blood-
fhed enfued.

Maidfione, Aug. 4. Frequent Foot Robberies
are committed hereabouts: A ‘Warrant is come
for executing to Morrow Wm. Davidge for the
Highway, and Reynolds, one of the Church-
Robbers: Matthias Cater, with two or three o-
thers, endeavoured to break Prifon but were pre-
vented. . |

Horfam in Suffex, July 29. A Prifoner in this
Goal for ftealing Iron, has cut out his Tongue that

he might not be try’d; one thar had done fo here

formerly having efoap’d that Way.

_ At Bory St. Edmond’s four received Sentence of
Death; James Marfh, for the Mutther of Tho-
mas Summers, George Noble, and Thomas Fravk-
lyn, for the Highway ; and Sarah Rofe, for Bur-
glary, but fhe is repriev'd.

' LONDON, Anguf ;j.

Lait Weck a Black belonging ta Mr. Secretary
Vernon was baptized; the faid Gentleman and
his Grandfon ftanding Godfathers.

The famous Mr. Law hath taken a fine Houfe
near Hanover-Square, where he lives in great
Splendor.

At the Affizes held at Bodmyn for the County
of Cornwal, one Malefa&or received Sentence
of Death, viz. Andrew Jenkins for murthering a
Bailiff, in order torefcue his Prifoner. It appear’d
by the Evidence, that the Perfon refcued was im
Cuftody of the Officers; and the faid Jenkins,
with feveral others, broke into a Room upon
them, with Hangers, Staves, and other offenfive
Weapons ; aid that the faid Jenkins cut the De-
ceafed in the Head, and feveral other Places, in
a molt inhumane Manner, whereof he immedi-
ately died ; two other Officers were very much
wounded.

Saturday Morning Mr. Bridgman’s Houfe, and
another empty one in Soho-Square fell dewn, the
Foundations being weaken’d by digging Vaults
too near them ; The Lady was carried out of her
Bed to another Houfe by a Servant, who heard
che Houfe erack , bur the Houfe-keeper was bury'd
in the Ruins.

Fromotions. ‘The Rev. Dr. Langwith is prefen-
ted to rne Re&ory of Petworth in Suffex.—-The
Rev. Mr. William Cordall, to the Vicarage of
Whice-Norlcy in Effex.——The Rev. Mr. Birker,
to the ReStory of Compron-Abbas, in Dorferfhire.
——Mr. Miles, of the Se:retary’s Office, fucceeds
Mr. Bird, deceafed, as Clerk in the Admiralty-
Office. Mr. Compton ficeeeds Mr. Ireton
Bendyfh, decesied, in the Pay-Mafter’s-Office.——
Mr. Henry Marfhal made Poft-Mafter-General of
New-Engiland. -

Deaths. The Lady Mary Vere, one of the three
Daughters of the late Earl of Oxford of that
Name, of an appepletick Fit, as fhe was taking
the Air laft Sunday in Hyde-Park; by whofe
Death a finall Penfion reverts to the Crown :
She is to be bury’d to Morrow Night from the
Jerufalem Chamber in the Abbey.——— Mr. Win.
Raymond, a Merchant, was bury’d at Briftol laft
Week; He Ieft 160001. to his Relations, amd
divers charitable Legacies.

Some Days ago feveral Decr-ftealers broke into

- Enfield-Chafe, and fhot one of the Keepers dead

within half a Mile of General Pepper’s Houfe.
A Deer-ftealer had beea kill’d there not long
before. : - .
Lord Suffex has married Mifs Lucy Pelham.
A Woman is taken up for curfing his Majefty.

South-Sea Stock is 121, 1 Sth. Endia 173g
Bank 136, 3 Sths. African13, qr ©

ADVERTISEMENTS.

W Hereasin mift’s weekly journal, on Saturday the zoth of
February 1725, 4s alfo in other papers of the fame date,
and fince, is advertisd a powder lately imported, which in
every re pect filly anfwer' the uft of Coffee, and there being, .
a larger demand than was expected, feveral perfons went
without; care will be taken for the furure to prevent the
like, a large parcel being juit arrived exceeding fine and good
which may be tafted at the firft houfe on the letc hand in Rell
Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill up one pair of Stairs, where an
Quantity may be had at 2s. 6d. per pound. N. B. No les |
than one poundis fold; it will anfwer without m'xttire of |
coffee, and hath been much approved on fined-the Advertife-
ment,
NY one that has a Honfe to Lett, unfirnifh'd, fit for
a finall Family, about zo or 25 Miles o ndon, wit
Gardening, in Middlefex, Sury, Buckinghamfhire, Berk-
fhire, or Hertfordihire, is defired to fend Propofals to the
Printer of this Paper.
tly 20, 1725.
Sik4 1) or ftolen from Charles Luxford of Eaft Grin-.
fted, alight brown Horfe, about: 14 Hands high, 8 Year
old, Mealy-nos‘d, a ‘ttle white on one hind Foot, with a
bufh Tail. -Likewile a black Horf>, full oged, 13 Hands
high, having lutene Bye, alerte low back'’d, with fome -
white Spvs in the Sadte Placc, having a burnt Mark on qe
of bis Thighs. ‘Inwo Guigleas 2 gward by Mr. Luaford.
 Just publithed, the éth Edition of ry

*.* T. ESSAYS upon teveral moral Subjedts, .[h threc
Parts. Upon Pride, Dueiling, general Kindnefs, the Weak-
nefsof Human Reafon; on Mutick, the Va.ue of Life, the
Soleen, E:ge:nets of Defire, Friendfthip, Popularity; a
Thought, of the Kntertainmeut of Books, Envy, againft De-
fnair, of Coveroulnef, Liberty, old Age, Pleafure, of Puin,
Revenge, Authors, Power, Ric ies and Poverty. Whoredam
Drankenne is, Gaming, Solitude, Difcontent. By Jeremy Col-
lier, A. M.

[ t. A hort and eafy Method with the Dei?s , wherein the -

Truthof the Chrifian Religion is demonftraced by infalithle
Proof from four ules, which are incompatible to any [npo-
fture that ever yet has been, or ¢an poffibly be. To which is
added, a Second Part to the Jews. _ ;

Ill. DESIDERTUS ; or, the Original Pilgrims; fhewing
the moft compendious Way to arrive at the Love of Gol. By
Laurence Howel, A. M.

All thiee printed for G. Strahan at the Golden Ball over-
againft the Roy .al-Exchange in Cornhill.

Uputt 2, 1725, about 2 Years vaft a Gentleman reading in
A the Advertiiemenis of the mety and great Cures of the
“DROPSY perior-n’d by Mrs. RNELL of Mid:tle-Srree-
Cloath-Fair, near Weftfmithfield 5 the Gentleman enquir'd
of feveral w.:oim me had cur’d,. and found the fame ta be true ;
he having the faid Diftemper, ap ly d to her, and fhe, un-
der God, made a wonderful Cine on hint in a litcle Time. J4n-
uire atthe Hor‘e-Ferry, in Great Chelfer, of Mr. JOHN
UILFOR D, and yon may be fatisied of the Truth hercof
The two foll: wing remarkable Cures were alf very lately
perform’d by the fiid Mis. KNELL, viz. |
I. Thomas Barron, Sitk-Dyer,. of Black-S'van-Alley, near
veen-Hithe, Thames-Street, who, after agreat Fxoence in
trying other Rem dies, tans Purpofe, receiv'd a ner ec Cure.
If. John Stokes, of - amb-Lane, in Church-Srrect, Green-
wich, recommended by a Perfon of the fime To vn, who was
‘cur'd by the faidexceilent Remely; whichis to be had only
at the Place aforeftid. —— N.B. The dangerous Condition
thefe two Perfons were in, they arid feveral of their Neigh-
bours are ready to atteft.

' Family that wants Comnany at a very pleafant Country
A Houle, about 10 Miles from London, would Lodge or
Board three or four Pcrfons: Enquire at Mr. Philpot's
Office in Dean's Court, near St. Paul’s Church-¥ard, who
_likewife can inform you of feveral Houfes to Let, both far-
nifhed and unfurnifhed, Town or Country.

| This Day is publith'd,

*, An hiftorical and critical Account of the Life and
Writings of Wm. CHILLINGWORTH, Chancellor. of
the Church of Sarum. Wherein are inferted feveral origi-
nal Letters of that eminent Divine, necer befire printed,
By Mr. DES Maizeaux, F. R.S. Printed for Tho. Woad-
ward at the Half Moon over-againft Sct. Dunftan’s Chureh
in Fleet-Screet, and John Pecle at Lock's-Head in Pater-
Nofter-Row.

THIS is to give Notice to all Perfons who have any Goods
in the Hands of Mra. Eliz. Smith, Pawn-broker, over
againft the Signa of the Swan in Horfely-D-wn Fare-Street,
that they are to fetch thém out ty the rft of September
next, otherwife they will be expofed to Sale, the gaing to
leave off Trade.
To be Lett

° ? °
T Iflefhorth in Middlefex, the late Dwelling-Houfe of
General Rooke, being a large Houfe ready furnifhed,
with Coach Houfes and Stabling, with a large Garden, or
afmafi one, well planted with the beft Fiuits.

HIS is to give Notice, that if Edward Davifon, Son of
T Edward Davi lfon, late of Great Miffenden in the Coun-
tyof Rucks, Yeoman, deceafed, will apply himfelf to John
| pohnion, of Chefham, in the faid County of Bucks, he m-y

informed where to receive_a Sum of Modey dwe to him,
onthe Death of his faid late Father.

This Day is pudlithed for June, (teing the fixth)
** New Me.noirs of Literature, containing an Account
new Books, printed both at home. and abr ad, with Dif
Sartations upon feveral Subjects, mifcellaneous Obfervations,
&e. To which is added, an Index to the firft Volume.
’N. B. The Memoirs for July will be publifhed in a few
Days. Printed for William and John Innys at the Weft.
End of St. Paul's.

WHE EAS John Horlock, Anprentice to Hen. ‘Thames,
Jun. Warerman of Gravefend, aged about 19 Yeurs,
of a middle Stature, of a dark Complexion, with dark buthy
Hair, having on, when he went away, a fearler Coat, Watt-
Coat, and Breeches: If the fiid John Horlock will return to
his faid Mafter, he thall be kindly received, or whoever en-
tertains him, be it at their Peril.

Engraving, and in great Forwardnefs, being above soo Coats
of Arms,of
*.* All the Englith Baronets now in Being, from thc firft
Creation of that Dignity, in King James the ift’s Rei n, to
the prefent Time. ‘To whichis added, An Account of the
Antiquity and Defcent ef the Families, to the Creation of
the Title, and the feveral Succeffions, Times of fucceeding,
Marriages and Iffne of all the Baronets. Together with the
Form of the Patent of Creation, in Latinand Englih, and
Initructions of King James, as to their Precedencies, Privi-
ledges, &c. Specimens are to be feen at the Undert.aKers, T
Wotton, atthe Quecn’s Headand_ Three Daggers againtt St.
Duntftan's Church Fleet-ftreet. .B. No Subfeription is
required, or the Baronet to be gh any FE.xpe2nce, a'T thofe B'-
ronets chat have not already fent in the Account of their
Familles, gre defired to do it by the rft of Sentember next,
fer afeer that Time no Acsount can be reesived or inferted,

ROPOSALS,. fhewing the whole Defigg and Benefit of
erecting Work-Honfes, made in the Year 1720, to the
Parithioners of Stroud, near Rechefter, in Kent. With an
Account of the good’SuccefS thereof. By the Minifter of
troud.

If. A Conference about Whoring.

IL{. A Companion forthe Aged. . |

IV. The Pub‘ick Houfe-kceper’s Monitor.

V. Afhorc View o° the Wiftakes about Happinefs.

VI. The recfonable Communicant ; or, an Explanation
of the Dostrine o/ the Sacrameat of the Lord’s Supper, in
all its Parts, from the Cammunion Service. All fold by J.
Downing in Barthalomew-Clole, near Smithfield.

TGLEN or ftray’d ont of Boy’s Grounds, by Ox’ord, a
S {orrel Mare, with a Star in the Middle of her Porvieasy
a long tharp Hea, a pretty large Soiy, with Foal, {mal
Legs: If any Body knovs or hears any ‘Thing of her, they
are detired tote:}.it to Thomas Batchelder im Penny Far-
thing-Strect, Oxon. and they fhall be well rewarded, and

no Queftions ask'd.
To be Lett,

T Caftle-Hedingham in Effex, abont qo Miles from
feadon, a very convenient Dwelling-Houfe, with a
good all, bariour, an‘ sitchen, lofty Chambers and Cto-
feis, wit all convenient Cfhiecs, Barn, Stable, Garden and
Orenari, well planted with chcice Fruit, well fence!, and
ia good Revair, with or with vita Field of two Acres con-
tignous. The Poft and a C...ch goes thice Times a Week
to Londen. Note, Geod Furniture will be fold: Enquire
at Mr. Jonah “owyer's. a Bookseller, at the Weit-End of St.
Pan's Church Where may be had, juft publithed,
Mr. Steiting’s fecond Part of the Operations of the Holy

Spirit.
Ju& publifhed,
For thé Benefit of young Beginners,

* * Reading made eafy, a large Colleétion of Verfes
out of the Piulms, and New Teltament, in two Parts, the
firit being a Collection of Verfes that contain Words of one
Syllable only. The fecond Verfes having no Words above
to Syl.ables, and printed with a Mark of Divifion between
the Syllables, defignaed for the Ufe of young Children in

_ Charity S-i cols and ottie:$, being the moft proper Book for

young Beginners. By W. Weaid, Alafter of a Free-School
at Biliericsy, in the County of Effex. Printed for S. Fit-
zer at the Tiree Bibles in the Minories, and fold by A. Set-
tefworth at the Red Lion in Pater-Nofter-Row.

This Day is publifhed .

*.* A Crown of Glory, the Keward of the. Righteous, '
being Meditations upon tie Viciffirude and Uncertainty o
all fublunary Enjoyments, viz. I. Honours, fiches, and
Pleafures. II. The Nature and Caults of Affiction. III.
The great Benefit and Advantage of Affittions. IV. Ox
our Refignation to the Will of God. To which is added,
A manual of Devotions, for Times of Trouble and Amili-
étion ; alfo Meditations and Prayers for the Holy Commnu-
nion, both before, at, and after receiving, with fome gene-
ral Rules and Dire-tions for our daily Practice; compofed
for the Ufe of a noble Family, by the Right “everend Dr.
Thomas Kenn, late Lord Bithop of Bath and Wells. Prin-
ted for A. Bettefworth at the Red Lyon in Pater-Nofter-

Row.
To be Sold; _
A Very large Granary or Storehoufe for Corn, confifting

of two Deal Ficors, plow’d and tongu'd, 100 Foot long, .

and zo Foot wide, boarded on the Sides, and cover’d witb
Tiles, by the River Thames, at Old Windfor, within two
Miles of New Windfor. It is fet npon Pedeftals of Stone,
and may be conveniently removed, and fet up in any other
Place. Enquire of Mr. Gerrard at the Five Bells in Old
Windfor, er of Mr. Staples in New Windfor. ;

N.B. It ftanding within a very few Yards of the River,
when taken down, may be convey’d, With Eafe, in a Barge
to London.

On Monday will be publith’d, the fecond Vol. of

, *(* THE HUMORIST, being Etlays upon feveral Sub-
je“ts, viz. An Account of the Author, Stockjobhers, Authors,
Travels,, Baney,, Journalifts, the Weather, Hone, F.duca-
tion, Prating, Modern Inventions, Luxury, Libels, Popu-
lar D:feontents, _Great Men, ‘Theatrical Fntertainments,
Methodin Writing, Suicide, Infidelity, Publick Sports, Le-
vity, the Duty of suthors, a Clnb of Authors, H2ppinefs,
Women, Coffce-Houfes, Mafquerades, Patriotifii, Bifhop
Burnct's Hiftory, Mortality, che Characters of different Na-
tions, Sedition, Hopers, fome Charaéters of the prefent Age.
Printed for Tho. Woodward, at the Half-Moon over-againft
St. Dunftan’s Church in Fleet-Street. Where may be had,

I. The 2d Edition of the firft Vol.

Ei, Caro’s Letters in four neat Pocket Vols. with the
Character of the late John Trenchard, E.fq;
Oday The Art of Thinking, by Monf. Croufaz, in 2 Vols.

avo.

. I John Rydings, living at the Plough
Alehoufe in Stocks-Market, having been

long afflicted with fore yes, which pro-

. ; ecededfrom an extraordinary Cold, fo that
I was in Danger of lofing my Sight, while I lived in this
World, had I not been advifed to apply my felf to Mrs. Ca-
ter, at the Hand and Eye in Caftte-Court in Birchin-Lane,
who, under God, hath made a perfect Cure in as fhort 2 time
as could be expected, to the Surprize of all that knew me;
and this I dcfire may be publifhed for the Benefit of thofe
that ‘may have the Misfortune to want the Affiftance of fo ex-
perienced a Perfon. Given under my Hand the rsth of June.
1725, ; John R dings.
Note, She cures without any Inftruament ; and the infallibly
curesthc Ague, without the leaft @rain of Cortex, or that
they call the Jefuits Bark. Price five Shillings the Vial. -No

Lettcrs received except Poft paid.

TVHEREAS John Mading, and William Hatton,ron
away from their Miaiter Thomas Crudd, Weaver, li-
ving at the Sign of the Barly-Mew in Old Nichols-Streec
near Shorediten, on Wednefiay th? 28th of gly laft, and
heve taken feveral ‘Things from their faid cr: John
Muding about zo Years ar Age, is a fhoit fguat Lad, wear-
ing a Wig, had ona light coloured Drab Coat, and a ftrip'd.
Kiannel Waltccsc: William ftfatton, aged 17, a tall thin .
Lad, thortreddith Mor, pretty muc.a disfigur'd with the
Small-Pox, haviag &@ dork Drugget Suit ot Cloaths on.
This is to forewarn any Perfon trom entertaining or cm-
ploying either of the aforefai:l Lads, or if any does, they
fhall be »ro eeuted according to Law.

SURGEON, who has_ practis’d, for fome time, the Art
of curing, uptures, either in the Navel, Groin, -.or Cod,
without the Ufe of any Inftrument, and fo perfectly, that the
infirm Perfon, whether M2%n or Woman, will never atter
have the leaft Oceafion for weiring Tri or Bandage to fiup-

_ port the Part: And the Method of Cure Js fo much eafier

than any yet practis’d, that the youngelt Child may bear ic
without Trouble. You may foeak with the SURGEON e-
very Afternoon, from Three o' Clock till Six, at Mr. Ca-
thie’s in Chi:d’s-Court over-againft Bull-Inn-Court in the
Strand: Where any Perfon thi defircs it, may fee feveral
People fram the Ag of 6; down to 3 Years, on whom there
are the apparent. Marks of a conpleat Cure. A Letter die
reéted to Mr. Cathie, at the Place abovementioned, will
eame fafe to Hand, if Poft paid. ‘This Cure is perform'd in
about 2 Months, and requires but little Confinement.

Lectuarium Mirabile: Or, the Admirable Ele‘tuary,
2 Which intallibly cures ali Legices and Symptoms of rhe

.fecret Difeafe, with more Fale, speed and Safety, than any

Medicine yet pubithed; any old K unning, &e. thongh of
feveral Years fcanding, whether oceafioned by an over-ferain
Wezknets of the Scrinall, or the RKelicts ofa former Infeéti-
on, is certainly curd in a fhort Time, without a Minnte’s
Confinement, Sufpicion, er the Use of Aftringents; being a
Medicine fp won terfully pleafant and eafy in its Operation,
that the nieeft Palate, or weakeft Conftitntion, may take it
With Delight: ‘Cwo Fots are gen:rally fufficient to compleat
a Cure inmoft Cales, To be had only ofthe Author Dr. Cam,
a Graduate Phytician, who has puolifhed it 20 Years, and is
conftantly to be advis’d with at his 4ouft at the Golden-Ball
and _am p, in Bow-Churcn-Yard in Cheapfide, at half 2 Guinea
the Pot. -
Agiuntt the VENEREAL DISEASE,

HF. ramous Italian BOLUS, has fo great Succefs in

the Cure of the Venereal Lifeafe, that not one of the
great Numbers that daily take it mifsoi a pertect Cure; and
though fo very cheap as 2s. 6d. each, yet four Kolufles never
tail to root out and carry off the moft malignant, virulent,
and obftinate kind of the venereal Difeafe, withont Confine-
ment, or making yourCafe known to any 3 which, if it fails
to do, the Money isreturned. ‘This great Medicine likewife
deftroys Mercury, and carries it out of the Body, and thereby
relieves thofe unfortunate Perfons who have fallen into bad
Hands in former Cures, Is to be had onty at the Flaming
Sword the corner of Ruffel-Street, over againft Will's Codfee
Houle, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Place is Coun-
terfeit.

INCTURA NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordial

Tincture for the N«rves, being an approved, experienced
and never-failing Medicament in finking, languifhing, and
lownefs of Snirits, Palpitation, or Trembiing of the Heart, in
all paralitick, foporofe and convu'five Diftempers, and in alt.
Affiétions of the Head and Nerves; it in‘allibby prevents the
bad Effects of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which occafions
in moft People the above-mentioned Diforders (with many
more, which you'l fee at large in the Book of printad Dire:ti-
ons) but yet by taking a few Drops of this moft pleafint de-
licate Cordial, in the fiift Dith of Coffee or Tea, you may then
drink at Liberty; for this great Medicine penetrates through
the whole ne vous Syftem, and fo recruirs the Brain and Pre-
cordia with a full In‘iux of exulting Spirits, which per‘orm the
Bufinefs of viral Function with frefh Alacrity, and new Brisk-
nef; fo that the Pulfe, which lay fecble and wavering, now
falls a beating vigoroully, and with great Exa¢tnels; more-
ever, it wonder ‘ully difperfes Fear, Sadnefs, confus'd Thoughts,

itchings of the Legsand Arms, difturbdSleer, and all the
difmal Train’o? V Apours and Melancholy It likewife ftops
Vomiting, puts of Nanfeoufnefs, procures a Bood ‘Appetite,
and is now in great Fitzem among ft Quaaity of the firft Rank.
Sold only at G. Strahan’s, Bookfs'er, at the Golden Rall in
Cornhill, over againft the Royal-Exchange, and at no other
Place. Price 2s. 4d.

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Ju-
lep, which is known by many Years Exnerience to be a ne-
ver failing Medicine ia old obftinate Aithma’s, whofe fu fo-

cating Fit it puts off in a Moment; iC gives a. perkoct Relief
in. ftraining laborious Coughs, that are unmercifully trouble
fome Night and Morning; ‘tisa moft excellent Remedy for
Shortnefs of Breath npon any Motion, and in Breathing with
Difficulty, Straightnefs of the Breaft, with Hoarfenefs ang
Wheezing. Nothing exceeds this admirable Julen, for by apens
ing the Brouchial Ducts and Ptuumonick Pa €$3:it pence -.
tretes in the inmoft Recefles of the Lungs, and there meeting
wi btough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Phiegm, fo attenuates,
divides, moves and works it, that by coughing and fpitting, it
expettorates and throws up all ftich Matter with the teft
Fafe and Pleafinre, thereby cleanfing and freeing the Breaft
and Lungs, when ftuffed up and clogged with a heavy Load, and
fo prevents Confumntions, Ulcers of the Lungs, &e. Note, —
It isa fafe and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken by Spnonfuls,
according tothe printed Directions, withatt the leaf Confinre
‘ment, or Danger of catching . To behadat Mr. George .
Strahan’sat the Golde -Bal over-againtt the Royal-Eachange,
Cosnhil], end at no other Place. Price as. 6d
 awa

<*

-finooth, ag net to be paralle

Kind or Form, or any Wafh-Bal! |
faid tothe the contrary by Pretenders ; for thefe Ballsare in-

‘ ; London, July 22, 1725.

Propofils are now publijhing for Reprinting the Works
ef the late mofticamed JOSEPH BINGHAM, decea-
fc. The whole will amount to above goo Sheets. It will
mse two Volumes in Folio, and will contain his Antiqui-

tics of the Chriftian Church, and all his other Works, which

were formerly printed in 12 Volumes in Octavo. The Price
is two Guineas on Quires. Thofe who fubferite for fix will
have afevcnth gratis. Propofals may be had of the Under-
taker Robert hnaplock, at the Bithop’s Head in Sc. Paul's
Church-Yard'; of ‘the Bockfellers in London, Weltminfter,
Oxford, Cambridge, and in moft of the great’ l'owns in Eng-
land. A:fo in Dublin and Edinburg. N. B. It is already a-
bove half printed, and will certainly be delivered to the Sub-
{cribers ketore the End of Michaelmas Term next.

Jue publimed, (to be continued Monthly) Numb. I. of

*,* “Mr, De Rapin Thoyras’s Hiftory of England, the
moft im aitial extant. Done into Englith from the Ori-

inal French, with fome additional Notes, ae N. TIN-

AL, M.A. Vicar of Grest Waltham in Effex. Printed
for James and John Knayton, at the Crown in St. Paul's
Church-Yard.

No J. Contains the Preface, Intraduétion, and from the
Invation of julius Cefarto the Calling in of the Saxons ;
with an Account of the Britifh Church. Price rs. ;

N.B. ‘The Tranflator mentioning in the Preface that he

_ intenéed to abridge fome Paflages of no Moment, has made

Teveral. believe he defigns an sAbridgment of the whole
than which nothing can be farther from his Thoughc, an,
therefore to remove this Odjection entirely, he déclares lic
will abridge no Part of the Hiftory, finding that fuch is
thediffufive Way of Mr. Rapin, that the giving fome-
times a new Turn to the Words, and tranflating always in
a concife Manner, (which furely is the beft Method of tran-
flating) ‘will, as near as can be computed, bringwhe Hiftory
within the Compafs of five Voumes, Svo, printed on the
fame Letter as the firft Number is.

No. IL. Isin the Prefs, and will be publifhed next Weck.

Price 1s,

IVIFYING DROPS for BARRENNESS in Women,
V and Imbecillity in Men, which renovate the vitai Fer-
ment of the Blood, rectify the languia State ofall the Fluids,
ronfe, fortify, and increafe the Spirits, ‘nvigorate the Nerves,
reftore juvenile Warmth, and _canfe 2 fparkling Gladne{s and
ardent Courage to flow in the Heart. and exnand it felfthrough

the whole human Syftem, fo as affuredly to cure all Indifpo- |

fition, that by binding down the Spirits, depreffing the Mind,
and damping the noble Faculties, extinguifh in‘a great m.ca-
fure the Lamp of Life, and caufe Barrennefs and Imbecillity.

They poten

neration, effect , ;
Sexcs prolifick in a wonderful manner, as Thoufands have ex-

erieliced. And now fold only at Mr. Rad‘ord’s Toyfhap, at

Fre {of and Crown, againft : t. Clement's Church-Yard inthe |

Strand, near Arundel-ftrect End. Price ¢s. the Bottle, with
Liredtions. ; , co, ;
This {pecial Notice is given, to prevent Miftakes.
That Mr. Atterott is removed a few Doors higher in the
Street, viz. to the Blue-Coat-Boy, a Toythop, the fecond
Houfe above Exthange-Alicy in Cornhill, againft the
Royal-Exchange:- a,
And alfo to prevent Counter‘eits, ;
Tet the fo much fam'd, and only true Original Roya! Chy-
niical Wath-Balls for beautifying the Face, Neck & Hands,
that were removed to Mr: Allcroft’s fome Ycars ago, to pre-
vent Impofitions, (the Tyuth of which can, and will fe atteft-
ed, both by Mr. Alicrofc and Mrs. Giles)

edas often as requir
are now fold only at Mr. Allcroft’s Toyfhon, at the Bluc-
Coat-Boy, rhe zd Houle abave Exchange-AUey in Cornhill,

again® the Royal Exchange; and at Mrs. Giles’s, Milliner,
next Hercules-Pillars-Alley, by the Teinple, in Fleet-ftreet.

Price 1s. each. . .
They have near thefe 30 Years been wed and admired by

both Sexes of the bet of Quality, and many thoufands of

Gentry aud others, for making the Skin fo delicately foft and
7d by any Wah,

notwithflanding what is

decd rea] Reantifiers of the Skin, by taking off all Deformi-

ties, as Tett Rign-worms,
Pimples, Pits of Rednefs of the Small-
of ajaiting and extream Whitenels.

or rough Hands ;
not only give a more ex
comfort the Rrain and Nerves, as to

x, and keeping it
hey: foon alter red

quifite fharpnefs to the Razor, but fo
revent catching Cold.

. They are of. agrateful and pleafant Scent, without the leaft

Grain of Mercury, and may be eaten fortheir Safety.

me NOY T the HUNGARY WATER WARE

wy Ge YS A HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Comb,
a Comb-Makers, the Corner of sell-Savage-
Inn on Ludgate-Hill, is fold right French
Hungary Water, being the fame Sort fold
feveral Years paft, and is eafily diftinguifhed
SA |i from the pernicious counterfeit Sort fold a-
Sree’ bout the Town, pretended to be imported
tron. Montpelier, &c. Likewife the following foreign Com-
modities are fold at the fame Place, viz. -

Right French Hungary Water, at 1&3 d. the Half&Pin

Bottle.
Fine Florence Oil, at 2s. per Flask.
| Right Trifh Ufquebaugh, at 25, the Half-pint Rottle.
- Fine Orange-Flower Water, at 18 64. per Flask.
Alt Sorts of Leghorn and Bermuda Hatts for Ladies. -
WN. B. There is a Sign-Papey en eaek. Hottie and Flask, to

prevent Coumacrieits..-

| for curing Agnes, that ever was. found out,

tly ftrengthen and corroborate the Parts of Ge- |
eétually promote Conception, and render both |

c, of any {

orphew, Sunburn, Scurf, |

are admirable in fhaving the Head; they —

"Phe chymical Liquor for the Hair,

, w Hich gradually changes red, grey, or Hair of any other

; difagrecable Colour, whether of the Head or Eve-brows,
into any Degree of a Brown, or, by obferving the Directions
given with each Bottle, into the moft beautitul Black in Na-
turc, that neither Time nor Weather can alter; for the Co-
Jour will for ever remain as lively as if it naturally grew f>.
It has, with a general Satisfaction to the World, been fold this

ten Years by Mr. Lockton, only, at the Griffin, the Corner of

Buckler’s-Bury, in the Poultry, where a Lock of Hair may
feen that was ftain’d with it before it was firft expos’d to fale.
Price haif a Guinea a Bottle. If it does not prove infallible,
return the Liquor, andthe Money fhallbe repaid. Where is
alfo fold, The fovereign Secret for diffolving the s‘TONE, and
expelling the GRAVEL, being an approved Specifick, with
ampie Directions. Price 25. 6d, 2 Bottle.
THe famous PLAISTER for the Stomach, which in‘al-
libly cures all Sorts of Agues in 24 Hours time, without
any other Phyfick, as has been happily experienced by many
Thoufands in this ‘publick Way of Sile for above thefe ten
Years paft, and is now efteemed and r:commended by the moft
knowing Phyficians, as the beft and moft infallible Remedy
it not having
been fe much as once known to fail moft of the Agues that
were cured for fome Years paft, fo as not to retuin again,
were curedcby it. Is fold only at W. Rells, a Bookfellers, at
the Crofs-Keys and Bible in Cornhill, near Stocks-Market,
at 258. 6d. the Gallipot, with Directions. Atthe f&me Place
is alfo fold the moft excellent Plaifter for Corns, being the

only infallible one in the World for giving Eafe and taking .

them quite away without Trouble, as Thoufands have experi-
enced, Price ;s. a Box, with Directions.
| The Great Reftorative,
UC all hyfterick Difeafes, whither hypochondriach Melanctaly
in Men, or Vapours in Women, however circumftanced, or
to what Degree feever advanced, or of cver fo long ftanding,
-arc fpeedily and infallibly cured, fo as never to re.uril again,
by a pleafant compound Medicament, chymically p.epared of
the choiceft Anti-Hyftericks in the whole Art “Of Chymuitry :
This Medicine having cured Thoufands of Men and Women,
of Melancholy and Vapours, may be depended on fora perfect
Cure ; it ftrikes immediately at the firft Caule of this Diftem-
seg, and entirely deftroys it Root and Branch, rectifying that
Vitiated Ferment in the Stomach, which is gencrally the firft
and chict Caufe, and thereby cures Indigeftion, purifies the
Blood and Spirits, ftrengthens the Brain and Nerves, chears
the whole Vrame, ftops Vomiting, clears the Head from confu-
fed Thoughts, removes Fears, Sadnefs, difturb’d Slcep, Twitch-
ings of the Arms‘or-Legs, cures Palpitation or ‘Trembling of
the Heart; and indeed all atber the many and varions Symp-
toms that attend this grievous Diftemper; for take away the
Caufe andthe Ftfect willceafe. Sold for qs. 6d. the Bottle,
at the Golden Ball on Puddle-Dock-Hill, near Ludgate-Streat,
and no where elfe. ; ;
INCTURA MIRIFICA:; Or, the miraculous Tincture
for the Stone and Gravel, a few Drops of which momen-
tarily takesort the moft excrutiating Pains ettherin the Reins
or B'adders, ant certainly prevents their Return: For it ab-
folutely cures that Diftemper in a wonce: ful Manner, inftant-
ly removes all Uncatinefs of Difientty in making W: ter, heals
all Excorations, and even Ulcers of the urinary Paflazes, ro-
laxes the Ureters, fo that {mall Stones, together with Gravel,

and all mucous, fIimy, obftructing latter, may pals freely ~

from the Kidneys to be voided vitibly with Ur.ne, without
Pain, effectual’y cleanfes both the Reins and Pledder from
all Impurities, entirely prevents rhe Stone in thofe that are
troubicd with ' aes |
Stones poflibie to be diffolv’d, and likewife brings «Jl r!.of2 Parts
and Paffages to their due Tone and Vigour, fo us perfectly
to free the Patient from all the fevere Symptoms and mi-
ferable Effects of that torturing Difeafe: ’Tis the fafcfi Me-
dicine in the World, and not difagreeable to take; the very
firft Dofe of: ‘t abfoiutely cures the meft dread ‘ui Fic of cither
Stone or Gravel, in a Minute, giving fuch wonderful Ke'ief
and periect Eat, as is indeei Very fur rifting. ts to te had
only at Mr. Radtord’s Toyfhop, at the Kofe end Crown agzinft
St. Clement's Church-Yard in the Strand, near Arundel-
Street-End, at 28. 64. a Bottle, with Directions,

The Grand Specifick for cleanfing aud ftrengthning the
Reins, &e

) A Medicine that may be depended on as abfolutely effectual

for carrying off by Urine, fafely and speedily, all the
Relicks of fecret Injuries, Remains o* Pernicions wskilfilly
prepared mercurials, gleets, or weakneflés, through tedious or
ill-managed cures of the Venereal Diftafe ; or from felt-po-
lution, inordinate coition ; alfo any weaknefles of the Vefiels
from wrenches, ftrains, blows, or falls, and all other obftracti-
ons in the urinary paflages, even ftrangnaries, ulcers, &c. are
perfectly cured by it, be they of ever fo long ftanding. ° This
noble fpecifick is alfo of fingular and very extraoruinary ule
and efficacy, where there is any gravel, or even {mall ftones,
flime, or Any other matter thatobftructs the urine; bringing

all awayin a few times taking, with fafety. It ftrengthens-

and recovers, after a peculiar manner, all relaxations of the
veflels, confirms the parts, bringing -all into right order, and
thereby perfects the cureto admiration. It’s a very pleafant
medicine, and may be taken with pleafure, and will be found
of mncommon. benefit to mankind,, beyond ex ;

which is the reafon of its being. made publick, and to obvi-
ate the ignorance of pretenders: in all-the cafes above-men-
tioned. e bottle, in. moft cafes, is fifficient fora perfect
cure, as you will fee by the directions given with it. Sold tor
7s. 6d. the bottle at Mr. Lockton's toyfhop at the-Grifin,
‘thecorner of bucklersburyin the poultry.

‘PO WHON: Primed. by at BL1ST, in Great-Cartor- Bane...

wii urinally difcharges

the Gravel only, afluredly difc:ves all large

 Invigora

, Allother Indif;
is neither difizrecable to take, nor occafionsthe leaft'Tron-- |

and inftrnétive little Rook is Given Gratis Up
" mended by Dr. Chamberlen for Children’s. Teeth

pectation ;

x

”

WRIGHT's Diuretick, or deanfing Tinéture.

the feces or putrid relicks of
_V¥_ the Lues Alamode, or ¥enereal infection, and cauf
its Concommnitants, the wretched T raj that complicate
Diftenper, asa mucous, filthy, fanign}*Matter lodgdin the -
Reins, or {permatick Parts, which gther cuufe a tharpnefsin _—
the Uiine, or too frequently p okesit. This Relick ie.
difcoverable, partly by the fubféquent Symptoms, viz. by a *
Debility or Weaknels of the Back, a fetid nauftous, and >
averting Smell of the Urine, with a purulent Matter, or
fecu ent Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or dying in ic, with -
Variety of Figures. karther, this Tincture efpecially carries .
off all Relicks of the Venerea! Difeafe, after ill man.ged

Gravel, Films, or membraneous Pellicles, &c, but after a
fingular Efiicacy, invigorating the Reins, reftoring them, and .

Cures, not only cleanng the Urinary Paffages of a.i Sand,

all their genital Parts, to their original Tone and Ufe, taough |

the Mistortune and Decay be of the longeft Date, with an e- &.

gual Snecefsin each Sex. To be had for ics. per Bottle, with :

Lireétions for its Ufe, only at his Houfe, the Golden Head °’

and two Lam ps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill. tie
AMOUS Drops for HYPOCONDAIAL MELANCHO-%
LY: Which e®:dtuually cure on the Soot, by_recti fy.ng &
the Stomach and Blood, cleanfing them from all Impurities
and giving 2 new Turn to their Ferment, actenuating ailvit -
cous tenacious Mumours, which make the Ficad heavy, clog the .
Spirits, continfe the Mind; amd caufe the deepeft Melancholy, °
with direful Views and black Reflections) comfurting the Brain. .
and Nerves, compofing the hu:ried Thoughts, and introducing °
bright live!y Ideas and pleafant Briskne{s, inftead_ of difmal -
Apprehenfions and dark Incumbrance of the Soul, fetting the.
Intelleétuals at Liberty to act with Courage, Serenity, and
fteady Chearfulnefs, and caufng a vifible diffutive Joy to reign
in the Room of uneafy Doubrs, Fears, &c. for which they
may be truly cfreemed infallibte. Price 3 s.6d..a Bottle, with
Direétions. Sold only at W. Bells, Bookfeller, at the Crofs-
Keys and Bible in Cornhill, near the Royal-Exchange.
HE incomparabie Powder fer cleanfing the Teeth, which
has given fo great Satisfaction to moft of the Nobility and
Gentry in England, for above thefe 20 Years, notwithftinding
the many Counterfcits fince its firft Publication, endeavouring °
to imitate this the only true original Powder. Sold only at
Mr. Paimer’s Farithop, in St. Michael’s Church-Porch, Corn-
hill, at Mr. Markham’'s Toyfhop at the 7 Stars under St. Dun-
ftan’s Church, Flecz-Street, andno where elfe in England. it:
at once ufing makes the Teeth as white as Ivory, tho never fo.
black or yellow, and effectually preferves them from rotting
or decaying, continuing them found to exceeding old Age. It
wotideriully cures the Scurvy in the Gums, prevents Rheum er
Defluction, kills Worms at the Root of the Teeth, and there-
by hinders the Tooth-ach. It admirably faftens loofe Teeth,
being a neat cleanly Medicine, of« pleafant and grateful Scent.
Price 1s. the Box. Note, all the Nooility, Gentry, &c. who fend
to Mr. Markham’s for the Powder for the Teeth, are defired to
give ftri¢t Ordcrs not to miftake the Shop, iM ARKHAM
at length is under the Seven Stars) becaufe moft of the Toy-
Shops in his Neighbourhood, fecing Mu!titudes go to his

“Shopfor it, have trump’d up Counterfeits, and fell their Stuff

in Imitation of our known and approved Powder, in prejudice -
tothe Publick. N B. At the fame Places are fold the highly
efteemcd Lip-Salve for Ladies, &c. of a charming and delight-
ful Scent. Price 1s. cach Box. oe
WE, wonderful Elixir for the PALSY, famous in moft
‘L Parts of Europe, and now recommended by the very belt
Phyficians, es the moft infallible Meedicine_in_ the World
for that Difeafe; for ir abfolutely cures the Palfy almoft to
a Mirscle, be it.ever fo bad, univerfal, or cf-many Years
ftanding, and that aiter all other Remedies have proved in-
e(feétuat, rendring thofe afflicted with it pertectly healthy.
ftrong ani vigorous. Ic momentarily warms, comforts and
ftrengthens the infecbled Nerves, and whole nervous Syftem,
revives Lhe Force and ‘priftine Vigour of the Sinews, Ten-

dons and Ligaments, fortifies and increafés the animal Spt- —

rits, ovens all Obftruétions that hinder their free Egrefs to
te the weaken‘d Parts, and immediately takes away

alt Numbnefs, Deadacfs, Shaking or Trembling, to Admira-
tion, cnickly reftoring the trne and fteady Ufe of the Limbs,,
and affuredly curing the Palfy, and all its concomitant Symn--
toms, in a very fhort Time, as Thoufands have experienced. -
s0fitions of the Nerves it certainly cures, and.‘

Ta eran}

if
yi
on

ble or Diforder. Isto be had only at W. Bell's a Bookfeller””

at the Crofs-Keys and Bible near the Royal Exchange ism’
Cornhill, at 3s. 6d. a Bottle, with Directions, |
A new Fdition is juft pubdlithed, oF ke
HE Praétical Scheme of the SECRET.
DISEASE, a GLEET, and a Broken:
Conftitution by faft Living, former _Cures,:
Salivations, Mercury, &ce. teaching Perfons:
to underitand Rightly theirown Cafe, and’

” Condition knewn to any one. Bedicated.
to Dr. Chamberlen, This highly ufeful_
One Pair of.

Stairs at the Celebrated Anodyne NECKEACE, Recom-
next to the’

Rofe Tavern without Temple-Bar. and at Mr. Jeremiah
the firft Toyfhop on-

Pain’s the Sign of the Runch of Gra
5 Flead-Ally from Cornhill,

Right Hand juft within Pove’s

‘Tight over-againft the Royal-Exchange. .Where are to’ be had .
the famous Anodyne NECKLACES for Children’s Teetly —
fealed up along with the Liquid Coral to make the Gums give .

way for the Teeth to come out without Pain. Price both to-
ether ss Andthe famous Peéteral LOZENGES for that .

- Uneafinets at Stomach called the Heart-burn, 6d. 2 Paper.

‘

a

to cure themfelves without making their

-
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 7 Aug. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786145/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 