Sarurpay, May 2

~—-

ee |

MIST’s WEEKLY JOURNAL. Wows

eel t happen’d once upon a Time,

Nesp Ty
ib AR Vi Mj many Ages fince, when Beatts
, ey | | ce could fpeak, that a Fox was cho-

fen by the four-footed Nation for

amon eens a the Adminiftration of Juftice. —
SFR Ss) If one Bealt did Injury to ano-
ther, Mr. Reynard was to fee the Injur’d redrefs’d ;
gf any Beaft had worried Pig oF Goofe, the De-

inquent was brought before him, and he was to
appoint the Punifhmenpt. ———-—You'll fay this
was a very odd Employment for a Beaft whofe
whole Compofition is fuppofed to be nothing
bur Fraud.

While his Worfhip was thus invefted with
Power, he was refolved to make the moft of his
Place ; he never minded the Merits of the Caufe,
but always gave his Verdi& where moft Money
was ftirring ; he was over and above axcecding
infolent, puft up with Pride, and giddy, as it
were, with his Rife, and made himfelf terrible
to every poor Beaft, who had nothing to truft to
but the Fairnefs and Honefty of his Caufe.

But this was noe all; he was not content with
committing Injuftice within his Province; he
launch’d out further, and often exercifed a Power
not delegated to him ; for when any Beaft of
Induftry, who, by its Labour, had gathered toge-
ther a Stock of Corn, or other Proyifion for its
young 1
and Charge of its tender Off-{pring to fome other
‘Beaft: Reynard pretended, that the Care of all
‘Orphans beleng’d to him ; fo heufed to take the
‘Corn, or other Provifion, which was faved by
the induftrious Sire, for the Nourifhment of its
Young, and lay ic up ina great Hole which he
had made on purpofe for thar Ufe ;
ced a Parcel of Curs, who were of the Fox Kind,
to guard if;
whom it belong’d, were hungry, they ufed to
come (as it was natural) to the worfhipful Rey-
nard, to beg alittle Relief; Reynard fent them
to the Curs, his Confederates; the Curs fent
- them back again to Reynard, and fo they were
- fhuffled back from one to the other, till the poor
Creatures were fometimes ftarved.

Thus Reynard went on for many Years, in which
ime the Rogue had learned fevera} arch Tricks
of Legerdemain, and Slight of Hand, which he
-wfed to play, tothe great Admiration of the Be-
holders. One of thefe was, when two
Parties contended about a Right or Property in
any Thing, he commanded the Thing tn Difpute
- to be brought before him; when he woud cry,
Hey pafs, and immediately the Thing was con-
yey'd out of thejr Sight, No-body knew how, or
_ where, while the Difputants were fore’d to go off
- Shaking their Ears like a couple of Fools, Rey-
_ pavd afi the while langhing at them. At
other Times the Wag wou'd pretend to be deaf,

at which Time, if a Suiter fhould baw! in his
Ears never fo loud, the Rogue would keep his
‘ Countenance as if he did not hear'a Word, till
they greax'd bis Paws with the Fat of a Goofe,
which he Loved mightily, and ufed to tickle his
Leachery, and then he'd do their Bufinefs 1m-
mediately. He had alfo learned. a. nafty
“Trick of piffing pon his Tail, and flapping it 1n
the Spectators Eyes, that they fhould not fee what
he was doing.

“However, at length, he. grew fo intolerable
and arbitrary, that there was nothing bute Mur-

ones, happen’d to die, and left the Care| J

he alfo pla-|p

therefore whenthe young Things, to} p

murs and Complaints every where to be heard
againft him, fo that the Beafts, by univerfal Con-

no fooner done, but they refolved to bring him
to Juftice, and try
ftealer, defigning to have his Skin ftripp'd over
his Ears, and hung up in Terrorem, to keep all
Knaves in Office honeft ; but Foxes being Beafts
of 4 very crafty Species, it was apprehended that

off, in Spite of all they could do.

‘But as he was now no more to be fear’d, a
thonfand Accufations came in again him; Pigs
and Geefe, and Lambs wirhout Number, that he
had worried, were made Articles againft him;
Corn and Cheefe, and many other Things which
Foxes love, and which he had taken for Bribes,
were alfo reprefenred as criminal Pra&ices. ——
Add to this, that he had gor a Trick of {wearing
like an Evidence, which he ufed as a Cloak to draw
in and bire feveral harmlefs Animals.

At firft he thought the Beafts were only in Jett,
therefore he toldthem, they were pleafed to be
very merry.——~What, fays he, does your Wif-
doms think that an Oath is to bind a Fox of my

uality? Zounds ! at this Rate, 1 am to have no
more Liberty of Confcience than when I was a
poor Devil ;— Befides, to talk of Perjury, isa meer
oke, for I never meant a Word of what I fore.

When they faw him defend in fuch a Manner,
as if he was turning all Juftice into Ridicule, the
juft Spirit of Refencmene was increas’d againtt
him, fo that he began to fee now it was no jetting
Manner, and that they refolved to worry him for
his Tricks——Then he chang’d his Noie, and
ut on a moft fanétify’d Face, and confidering
with himfelf, that the Fa&s againft him were

ir could avail him nothing to deny them ; - he en-
deavour'd by quibling, anda kind of foolith So-
phiftry to perfuade them, thar Stealing was no
Crime, and thar raking of Bribes-was a vertuous
and an honourable Attion, * Moft noble
‘ Judges, fays he, (for now he began to wheedle)
« every Thing has two Faces, and I muft beg you
to beware, leat Prejudice and Parciality fhould
miflead you to take Things by the wrong Han-
dle.———Here are indeed a Heap of Complaints
apainft me concerning certain Futs, but if I
prove to yoy that the whole World is miftaken
in taking fuch Fa&s for Crimes, then all the
Clamour falls to the Ground of Courfe.——-Con-
fider, moft noble Judges, thar 1 am wife, and
vertuous, and good, and charitable,. I know
this is more than you ever heard before, or
ever will hear again from any Perfon but my
felf; but fince I my felf tell you fo, I hope it
will have greater Wejght chan che Complaints
of a foolifh World. © _ oS
‘ Charity, fays one of the Fathers, covers a Mul-
titude of Crimes (fo I have been told, for to tel!
outhe Truch, moft noble Judges, Inever read
. thofe old Gentlemen in my Life) now if this be
¢ true, who can pretend to fo much Vertue as m
« Gif, for Lcan prove, that I never ftole a Goofc
* from a Widow oran Orphan, but I gave a Fea-
¢ thertothe Poor, or if I purloin’d a Pig, I futter’d
* any one who was in Want to take fome of the
© Briftles,—fo that if Realing fhould be a Crime,
* (which I never could think in my Life) here it
© carries its Excufe along with ir.

oa | a) ee a a a

A Mm

*

fent, endeavour'd to pluck him down: This was

him like a common Sheep-

he would, by fome Trick or other, bring himfelf

‘ it hi ; France fhould think

roved by fo many inconteftible Witnelles, that; thar Matrer publick.——Accardingly, on ti d
CINBIV, ON thy 22

{ of May N.S. which was on Sunday late vee feb

i upon which Occafion his Majefs pecoitt ov
| Coinpliments of all the vince and ae dhe

pe the Minifters

{riage was agvre
5 agreeably received, not

‘ T come now to the next Part of rf; -
‘ gain{t me, which is taking of Babes Wee fd f
; take 2? why Corn— now I thal] prove logical;
; thar this js not Milum in fe—for Corn, not ne.
: ble Judges, 1s a good Thing, and of ‘univerfal
* Ule;—-Can any Body deny it? Erg, I y, the
taking of Corn is a good Action, —— prlatum

eft, and fo [hore [ ftind acquitted. |
, When the Affembly of the Beats had heard
10W idly, and how litde to the Purpofe the Fo
argued in his Defence, they ftoodd ip A maze C
fo much at his Knavery) which meny of them
had {een former Examples of ) as at his Ipticrance

Upon the whole, they impannel’d a Jury of the
Beafts of the greateft Sagacity amongft’ chem
who having thoroughly examined and infeed
the Delinquent, difcover’d a large Pair ‘of Ea
which hitherto he had taken great Care to hide :
upon which they made a Report which yerg
much furpriz’d the Affembly, viz. that this Creas
ture, which they had fo long taken for a Fox
Was at Bottom no more than an Afs, or at Tleaft:
pery near a-kin to one, which was eafily beliey'd
or they confider’d, that tho’ they had found ing
him a great deal of the Knavery of the Fox ye
they could find nothing of the Addrefs or Saga-
city of that Creature. | a

| FOREIGN AFFAIRG

It is now found out that the late Accownts ive
Ae Out at Rome and other Courts, by the Mint.

ers of France, concerning the Marriege sth
young King and of the Dike of Bourber ie
only made to amufe the World, and hinder Eon.
ple from enquiring too narrowly cones-ing the
Perfon of the defignes’ Queen, rill the Cone of
I a preper Time te make

veanight, the moft Chriftian King was ples £32 <g
a eclare his Spoufe to be the Daughter ok Ls te
aus Lizinski, the abdicated King af Votasd:
Fy - sets ‘. a
op ia Princes and NuLiKty
as lixewie of all rhe Foreign Minifters, excepts
of King Auguitus, who inmec
diatly departed from Court. ot Sees
Ic was obferw’d, that the News cf this Afape
riage only by the
Nobility, bur all the People in general, whe me
: OS tu wee?
to it as an aétion great, gencrous, and noble in
cir King, when he might nave che’ cur of j
the Princeffes of Europe, to caft his Byes at
the Daughrer of a Prince abdicated fro: hie Boe
minions, gnd living ina kind of Exile. ws
, Sreniflaus the Father of this Princes, was ¢-
etted King at Warfaw, by the Nebiliry of Po
land, King Auguftis havi fez alids for
land, 8 Augultus having been fez afids for
brea ng the Patta Converts, Stanitias’ wus aoe
nowledg’d by the Princes of Furppe, ar i;ing
Auguftus deliver'd him up the Regulix of pels
and complimented him upon his leition ip
ter the late King of Sweden, ' «bp Wao th. -
liance with Staniflaus, was defeated ‘ai Paltrow:
y the late Czur, Augyitus re-enterid Poland wit
an Army, uotwithftanding he kea teken ant Da
never to attempt the Recovery ‘of hat Kingd
and Staniflaus, being in no Condision, retired, a3
has lived a private Life ever fince, et

{Price Two Pence) ——
 Advices from feveral Parts are as follow.
From Newcafle, That the Gentlemens Plate of

and won by Mr. Hebblechwaite’s forrel Cole.
The Huuter’s Plate, 10 Horfes run, won by Mr.
Ord’s black Gelding.

From Rochefer, That the Honourable and Re-
verend Dr. Bridges, Archdeacon of Rochefter,
held his Vifitation laft Week in the faid Diocefs,
and preach’d a molt excellent Sermon to his du-
tiful Clergy, fuitable to che deplorable Corrup-

_tion of Principles and Manners in this Age.

From Eye in Suffolk, That fome Smuglers ha-
vinz loaded an empty Hearfe with Brandy, took
the Opportunity.of going a little before another
Hearfe with its funeral Attendants ; and not con-
tented ro pals along undifturb’d, one of them con-
cern'd in the Matter, gave an Informarion to
forme Officers of a Divifion they went through,
which caus’d an Attack to be made upon the faid
funeral Hearfe ; and the Cavalcade was thereby
diforder’d, and the fuppos'd Cargo carry'd off, while
the other gor fafe to Town ; but when the Officers
found they had got nothing but a dead Corpfe, they
{wore as if they had not had an Huur to live.

From Tork, That great Srormg of Rain, with
Thunder and Lightning, have been round that
County ; at Sheriff-Hurton, cight Miles from tha:
City, two Men in the Fields being at work, one of
them was {truck dead, and his Legs fhiver'd to
Pieces, whilft the other receiv'd no other Da-
mage than having his Coat finged, and the La-
pits burnt off, —— A great Number of Workmen
are employ'd in building a fine Honfe for their
Lord Mayors to refide in.

From Canterlury, That there have been violenr
Storms there, as above, a Gentlenan’s Servant
was ftruck off his Horfe and lay for dead fometime.

From Norwich, That Yefterday Sevennight, «
Man was found ftripr and bound on Monshold
Hill, thae had been robb‘d the Night before by
two Afen of z0 or 301.

From Maidftone, that fome Days ago one Jolin
Holden a Farmer, at Cranbrook, had a Sow,

brought forth another dead, in a Bag by it felf,
which had but one Eye, and thar in the Middle
of the Forehead: The Nofe was much fhor:er
than the Jower Jaw, and in the Siiape of a Dol-
phin’s Snour; and asorher Nofe or Snout grew o.:t
onthe Forehead, alittle above the Eye, nor un-
like an Elephant’s Trunk. The Legs, Ears and
Body, were perfeét.

LONDON, wa
Prometions. Daniel Lord Finch,

which, after having farrow’d eleven Pigs perfedt,

29.

30 1. was ruu for by 8 Horfes on Monday Ialt,|‘TFyburn. Never was there feen fo prodigious a

Weaver and William Ingram were firft try’d and
fuund Guilty.
Roberts's Crew, bur feparating from him, ina
B-igantine called the Good Fortune, whereof one

call’d the Morning Star, which Anftis then com-
chofe Captain of the Brigantine. Anftis was af-

Son to thelrender’d up at Cuaraffo.

is to be try'd at the next Seffions for London, at
the Old-Buatly.
On Monday Jonathan Wild was executed, at

Concourfe of People befure, upon any Occafion ;
and, what's very remarkable, in all that nume-
rous Crowd there was not one pittying Eye ro
be found, or compafhionate Word heard ; bur, on
the contrary, all the Way he went, nothing but
Hallowing and Huzzas, as if it had been a Tri-
umph, particularly when he was turn’d off. The
Night before his Execution, he took a large Dofe
of Liguid Laudanum, in order to have difpatch’d
himfelf ; bue {wallowing too much, and having
fafted four Days before, it came up again ; how-
ever, it feem’d to havea ftupifying Effect upon him.
At the fame Time were executed Robert Har-
pam, for counrerfeiting the Coin of this King-
dom; William Sperry and Robert Sandford, for
the Highway. One ef our Correfpondents, de-
figning to be witty on the Occafiow, fent us the
following Verfes ;

No fooner had Jonathan leap'd from the Boat,
But Blueskin efpy'd bim, and flew at bis Throat ;
All Heli in an Uproar receiv'd this Alarm,

While Sandford and Sperry caught bold cf his Arm,

Ceafe, Blueskin, untimely Revenge to purfue,

Ne hath fuffer’d already that Death which was due;
See the Wound in his Forebead.-~His Neck o one Side.-~
the barbarous Crowd give him one eer he dy'd :
Forgive bim at length, forgive your old Friend,

Since the Thread of bis Life was a Rope in the End,

Then Jonathan, bleffing himfelf, did reply,

Ev'ry Word he bath {poke is a damnable Lye ;

For this Wound in my Forebead, I'll make Affidazit,
(if Minos is fitting) that I my felf gave it.

then how came your Neck broke? the Devils cry'd ail.
Saith he, For my Neck, that was broke by a Fall.

Wednefday a Court of Admiralty was held at
the Old-Baily, for the Trial of Offences commit-
ted on the High Seas. There were prefent on
the Bench Sir Henry Penrice, Judge of the Ad-
miralty, Mr. Juftice Tracy, Mr. fuftice Reynolds,
and feveral Doctors of the Civil Law. -Bridftock

Thefe two belong’d formerly to

4: itis was made Captain, they tooka Dutch Ship
manded, and Weaver was, for a little while,

rerwards kill’d by his Crew, and the Ship fur-
Weaver's Ship was

Earl of Nottingham, is made Comptroller in the 'forc’d afhore by a Manof War, at Tobago in the
Weft-Indics, and feveral of them taken and hang’d
at Antegoa, but the above-mention’d, with feveral
others, got olf in a Sloop, came home to England,
and funk the Veflel in Briftol Channel in O&o-

Room of Paul Metheun, Efq; who is made Trea-;
furer of the Houfhold in the Room of the late
Eart Cholmondley. Sir William Strickland
made one of the Lords of the Treafury ; he is
going down to Scarborough to be re-cle&ted Mem-
ber for that Borough. Tis expected Dr. Burf-
cough will be chofen Bifhop of Limrick; and,
"tis hho "d, that the Lord Chief Juftice King will
foeedify be appointed Lord Chancellor of Great
Britain and be made a Peer,

On Tucfday laft-a Servant Man and Maid that
liv’d at the Goat Tavern, Charing-Crofs, were
committed to the Garchoufe for ftealing, at feve-
ral Times, certain Suins of Money out of their
Mafter’s Cupboard; they having a falfe Key for
thar Purpofe.

Captain Robert Elfton, thar. was fome Days
ago removed by a Habeas Corpus from Newgate in
Briftol, to Newgate in this City, being charged
with che barbarous Murther of his Cabbin Boy,

—%

ber 1723.

See the Hiftory of the Pyrates.

The fame Day and on Thurfday were try’d

feveral of the Pyrates belonging to the Revenge,
formerly call’d the George Galley, who were
lately taken in the Orkneys, and brought hither

by the Greyhound Man of War.

They were in-

died upon feveral Murthers and Felonies com-
mitced on board the faid Ship, particularly in
killing the former Captain, Surgeon, Chief Mate
and Super-Cargo, and John Gow, alias Smith

Captain,

umes Williams Lieutenant, Daniel
Machall, Peter Boltfon, John Peterfon, William
Melvin, Robert Winter, James Belvin and A-

lexander Rob,. were found Guilty, and receiv’d

Sentence of Death.——William Harvey, Robert

. ‘

‘Smith their Captain at.firft refus'd to plead,.

whereupon he was torray'd, by {tringing of his
Thambs, and being ftill contumac:ous, was car
ry'd to thé Prefs-Yard, in order to be prefs'd to
Death, but being ac length prevail’d on, he came
back and pleaded.

The Reverend Dr. Knight preaches before the
Honfe of Commons this Day, being the Anniver-
fary of the Happy Reftoration of King Charles
the Second. .

We hear that Sir John Vanbrug, Kr. hath far-
render’d his Place of. Clarencieny King at Arms,
and that Mr. Knox Ward, Son of John Ward, of :
Hackney, Efq; is like to fuccéed him. As alfo,
That Mr. Richard Grahame, Rowge Croix Purs
fuivant at Arms, hath furrerder’d the faid Office,
and that Mr John Pomfrer will fucceed him. —

Three Veffels were lately loft near Oporto,
one off uf Villa de Conde, one off of Vigo, ‘and
another on Oporto Bar, the Men and Mafter
being all thac were faved. |

On 'Thurfday begun the Ceremony of creatin
the 36 Knights of the Bath, at which aviended al

{che Rings, Heralds and Purfuivants ac Arms in

their particular Habits; the Accoun: of which
Ceremony we have taken Notice of in one of our
former Papers.

Deaths and Cxfualties. The Countefs of Cla-
rendon and Rochefter.———| ady Sratketd How-
ard, in Childbed. Mr. Mum of the Band of
Penfioners, of the ill paring of his Toc-Nail. —~
Mr. Louis Cheron, a famous Painter, fuddenly----
Boftock, a Paftry-Cook, kill’d by his Witc
A Woman found drown'd between Edger and
Paddingtog, in a fmall fhallow Pond. An old
Woman fell down dead with Bread and Cheefein
her Hand. |

The Earl of M——-——~
30,0001, Fine.

Thurfday came on the Eleftion for a Ph;fician
to the Hofpital of St. Bartholomew: There was
a much greater Appearance of Governors than was
ever known. The laf Divifion was berwee: Dr.
Tyfon and Dr. Barrowby, and the former carri-
ed it. Mr. Freek was afterwards chofea Afi-
ftant Surgeon to the Hofpital.

Writs are iffued out for the chufing Members

is fentenc’d in

for Brackly, in the Gounty of Northampton, in
the Room of Paul Metheun, Efg; who is made
Treafurer of the Houfhold; and for Kn‘ghr of
the Shire for the County of Rutland, in the Room _
ofthe Hon. Lord Finch, made Comptroller of
the Houfhold; and alfo fur a Member for the
Borough of Scarborough, in the Room of Sir
William Strickland, Bart. made a ‘Lord of the

Treafury.
There are confidcrable Alterations ameng the

High Officers talk’d of, bur as they are but talk’d

of, we fhall not venture to meddle with them till
we have good Authority for it.

To Morrow will be two Charity Sermons preached at
St. Mary Stratford Bow, Middlefex ; that in the Mor~
ning by the Reveyend Dr. Warren, Rector of the [aid
Parifp, and that in the Afternoon by the Reverend Mr.
Smith of St. Botolph Aldgate, for the Benefit of the Cha-
rity Children, who bave no parochial Subfiftence, nor
any aber Income but the Charity of the well difpofed,

N. B. Dr. Warren's third Yolame of praétical Dif~
courfes, on various Subjetts, proper fir a Families
and private Perfons, is juft publiP'd, and fold by Ed-
mund Parker, Bookfeller, at the Bible and Cravun in
Lombavd-Street : Some few of the Dotor’s firft and
fecond Volumes remaining unfold, are to be had thera.
Reing in all 52 Sermons, and are a compleat Sets for
the whole Tear.

To Morrow alfo there will be two Charity Sermons

Teague and Robert Read were acquitted. see |preached at the Collegiate Church of St. Katherine's,
 re

by the Reverend Mr,

ty

, Eady, wherein the Dottrme of the SP
L

‘With a Defcription of t

PS
near the Toaver of London, for the Benefit of the Char.ty
Children belonging to that Precinét « that in the Morning
! re Nitholfon, Lefturer
chres, avid in-the Afternson by the Reverend Nir. Bevri-
man, Lecturer of Aldermanbsty Yo”

it will he fome Time before we can oblige Mr. H.
B—<dley. It foall be done the firf} Opportunity.

South-Sea Stock is 122, one gr. India
Bank 133, one gr. African 10, 3 Schs.

ADVERTISEMENTS.

_ This Day is publifhed,

** Aftronomical Dialogues between a Gentleman and a
ERE, U'fes of the
ES, and the Elements of ASTKON OMY and GEO:
G RAPHY are cxptain‘d, in apleatant, eafy and familiar Way.
he famous inftrumeat cail’d the OR-
RERY, _ The fecond Edition. By J. Harris, FE. R.S. Prin-
ted for John Horsteild, at the Half-Moon in Sc. Paul's

Church-Yard. -

O be fold at the Coach and Horf-s in Swon-Yard, over
T againft somerfet Houle. inthe Strand,.a tour whe jd
Chaife. Enquire xt the Widow ‘Tilly's, in Swan-Yard afore-
faid, and you may know further. -

This Day is publithed,

** A New JOURNEY through Greece, Fgypt, Pale-
ftine, Italy, Swiffertind, Alfatia, atu che Necherlands,
ten by atrench Othcer, who travel d thefe Countries in tre
Years 1721, 1722 and 1723. Now firft done into Engliih.
Puinted.tor J. Batley, at the Dove in Pater Notter Kow.

164.

HE Lirestion which was defir'd by the Gentleman in an
Advertifemenc of the sth leit funvesd te have mfearyi-
ed; thistoinform him, that if fie pleafes to direct for ..7.!
Mills te be left at Licks Cofter-howe near the New Cuurel
jn the Strand, it wii) come ta hand.

This Day is publifhd, ?

*:* The Life of Jonathan Wild, trom his Pirth to his.

Death; containing his Kile and Progress ia + ogucry, nis
fir Acquaintance with Thieves, oy woat Arts ve aizic Aim.
felf their Head or Governor, Ins Diftiptine over then, bis
Policy and great Cunsing in governing them, tne {-verat
Clafies o: Thieves und sr ius Commend, in watch all his ine
trignes, Plots and A tifices are ace ninted for and laid ape,

intrernix’d with fevetal diverting Stories. Ry HD. Late Coerk :
to Juftice ---. Printe {tor T. Winer at the Black-Boy in a }
ter-nofter-row. Price one Shilling. 7

Heres in mift’s weekly journal, on Sacturdy che seth of i

W Febrnary 1225, asalfo in ether papers o the fame dare, |

of St, Sepul- |}

Wri:-

Jut pnbiinied, .

authencick and impartial Hiftory of tae Life
_Adtions of the C4A + of MUSCOVY: Kien
3 birth cohisdeath. Containing, I. an cxact account of his
irte, decent, famdy and iflue.. If. His dereStion® of the
(Cver.t plots formed ag init him, aud his punishment of the
confpirators. fi. His wars with the turks, fwede. ands po-
landers; and his furcefstil and unparalleled conquefts over
thofe penple.” LV. His ‘Travels into curope, é&e. for the im-
rovement of arts, fcicnces, military difcipliae and naval at
adits, tore parcicularly Co germany, hollant, and the comts
of england and france. V. His rematkuble fpcech at itts
reram tiome. VI. tis proceedings againft the Czarowitz his
fon, his nomination of a Syeerff ry, hi ficknefs, death art
Interment. "The wie compile! from the Kumtian, High
Dutch and french bnzuages, state papers, ant other publick
autherines. Pinte ltor A. Rettetworthin vater Noter Raw,
G. Strahan; W. Meaiows in Cornhill; J. Stagg in Weft-
minfter Hal's J. Graves in Se. Jaimess Street; S. Chapman
Int pall-ma't ; R.Frankiing in Coyent Garden; J. Harding
tn St. marin’s Line; T. Elin in the Strand, and J. Jacstun

car St. James's Houte, price ss.

This Day is publtithed, cantaining a partienlar Account of the
anciert Order of the Knights of the Bath. |

“4" Anew Dictionary ot HEALD <Y 5 explaining tre

Teyms ufed ia toar Seienes ; with their Etymology, und

4ifferear Verfansia Latin. Containing all the ule. of Bla-

*{* A true
and glorious

on, with Heafins for the fame; the original Signifirarion of
den Account ar the mof noted Orders of
Knight hoof that arcorhave be-:ns and of Honours and Dig:

Bearings; an} aconeile

nitins, Keclsticttical, Civit or Military. Tluftrated with 146
Dsvices an Copuer, The whote defigned to ma..e that Science
ramitiar, Revifid and corrested, with a Letterto the Pub-
liker, by Aly. Janies Coats,

» Dove in Pater Nofer Row.

y;Lectuarium Mirabile: Or, the Admirable Eleétuary,

which intailibly cures all? egrees and Symptoms of the
fee: Diam, wah moe Ka’e, * peed and Safety than any
Mfeticine yer piditieds any iq"
Prveral Years fining. whether occalaned by anover-ferzin,
Wer nefior tit Seranaty onthe Yer osafa Srrer Infesti-
on, 38 penectly cared aa thoie fi ae, without ao minare’s
C n-neme rt, ulpicion, er the U% ar Aftringents ; being a
6 @tittye: fo won ter thy uleefne aid eat; in its Overation,
init the nicelt Palate, orev ef Canarian, maverate it
with Deligit: Two Pet ore generatl: fitheient co ramnyr
a Care in ofr Cafes, Foote had eniy of the Aursor Dr. Can,
agar duite Pavfician, vr tes veblithed it 25 Years, and i
comitiuitly to be ade tvich at his Tlowe atthe Go'den Rat,
wi Lamy, in Boy Cauch-yard in Cicapide, at halt'a Guinez
the Pot.

Aggah the VENER EAT. DISEASE.

TH Banos Paar ROL WS, he fo great Suecefs in
2 the Ove ov the Venere  feric, thar noc one of the

and fince, isadvertisd a powJer lately imported, wien in i greic Numbers thit daisy cake it utise a nerfect Cure; and

every refpe ct fidiy anfivers the uce of Coffee, aad there being Chongh G very chen ae 2s «ed. each, FRE
a larger demand than was expected, feveral verfony went tail to roar ont an
aytorftmate kind of tse veneveal Dfrae, without Confine-

withont; care will be taken for the iuiwre te prevent the
like, a large parce: being jut arrived exere tiag fine and goo J, :
which may be tafted at the hrft howe on tne ere haad sn: etl,
Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill upone pair ot Stairs, where any
Quantity may be ha act a5. G d, per pound. IN. B. Ino le Ss
thin one poundis fod, it will anfver without mixture of
coffec, and hath been much approved on fince the Advertife-

pen. Juft pyblim'd, the od Edition, of
** A VIEW of LONDON and WESTMINTE? ; or,
the TOWN-SPY ; contiining a diverting Account of the
Humours of the HaltPay Officers, and the Guards, &c. at
St. Margaret's in Weft: iafter; of the Quality and their
Servants, at St. James's. Of the Hngonots, &e, at St. Anne
Soho. A furptizing Story of a Miter ar St. Giles’s in the
Fields; with a Defeription of that Partth and Drury Lane.
Remarkable P:attices of the frith Society of Fortune Hun-
ters at St. Paul's Covent “arden, recommended to all Boarting,
Schools, &c. in Great Britain. Prattices of the Company of
Upholders at St. Mary le Savoy. Of the Lawyers of St.
Clement Danes, and St, Cunftan’s in the Welt Of the La-
dies at St. Andiew’s Hoiborn. Of the Mercers of Ludzate
Parith, andthe Weekly Journalifts of Black Frias. Together
with the different Caftoms, &c. of the Inhabitants of moft cf
tbe Parihes in London. The prefent State of Cuckai lon,
and a Chara¢ter of the City Wives. By a F@REIGNER.
Sold by ‘T. Warner, at the Black Boy in Pater Nater kow,
and by the Pookfe'lers of London and Weftmintter. Price
one Shilling.
To be Lett at Midflimmer next, |
‘HE Mannor Houle, called Tuctham Hail, in the Parith
of Welt-Farley in the County of Kent (within four mile
of Maidfton, and ten of Tunbridge Wells) containing ten or
twelve Koomson a Floor ready turaifhed, with rhree Acres
of Gardening, all planted with the deft and choiceft Fruits,
mofe of the Gardening being walled in, and planted with
deautitid Greens now in Perfection, together with convenicnt
Stable and Coach houfe Roam, witha Burn for Hay and ali
other Conveniences, and fifteen or twenty Acres of very good

-Paftnre and meadow Ground about the Houfe, and a greater

uantity (ifrequired) as alfo the Royalty of the Mannor,
ai near three niles command of the filhing on the Kiver

edway, lying before the faid Seat, there being feveral Fifh

onds well ftored with Fifh, andno Houfe in the Count
better fupptied with excellent Water. Enquireofthe Rev
Mr. North at Weft-Farley aforefaid, or Mr Matth. Cocker at
the Golicn Ball in Dean Street in Fetter Lane, and you may

know further. =. .

four Bolufles never
cary eff the moft malignant, virulent,

ment, or making your Cate known te ans 3 which, ific fail
to 4., the Money isrcruened. Phis erert Meheine Pkewife
'ftroys Mereury, and carries it ontor the seiy, aad cherene
reheves Chof: unfortunate PeyOrs who Save fatten iato ta!
Hants intorner Cores ts to be hat anty at che Flamine
Sword the corner of Rod -Strevt, over againfe Will's Cokes
Horfe, Covent-Garden ; and if Sold at any other Place is Coun-

Sign of the Falcon egaint the Vine-

ter‘eit.
ig-S Tavern in Holborn, having, by a great
, Cold, which fell inta my Keyes, loft my
Sight, infomuch that ( did never expect I fhould ever be
bronght to fee again; duc hanpily was advifed to make Ue
of Sirs Cater, who, not only at firft Sighr, to my no finall
Comfort, told me I was curable, and alfo did, under God, per
form the fame in as mort a Time as could be expected 5 and
this f do tur no other Intent but for the Good and Benefit of
thofe wha may meee with che fike Affliction: The fail Afr.
Cater fill lives in Caftic court, Birchin-tane, at the Sign of the
Hand and Eye. ;

Note, She cures withont any Taftrament ; and the infullibly
cures the Ague, without the 'eaft Grain of Cortex, or that
they call the Jefuits Bark. Price ¢s. the Vial, No Letters
received except Poft paid.

ULAPTUM ASTHMATICUM, orcthe Afthmacick Ju-
lep, which is known by many Years Experience to te a ne-
_ver tailing Medicine in old abftinate Atthma's, whofe fuffo-
eating Fit it puts off p
in ftratining laborious Canghs that are unmercilially rrouble-
fome night and morning ; "tis a moft excellent Remedy for
fhortnefsof Breath upon any motion, antin Breathing with
Difheulty, ftraightnefs of the Rreaft, with hoarfeneis and
wheefing. Nothing exceeds this admirable Julep, for by open-
ing the bronchial Duss and Parumonirk Paffages, it pene-
rratesin the inmoft Recaffes of the Lungs, and there meeting
with tough, thick, cold, clammy, fimy Pilcam, fo arrenuates,
divides, moves and worksit, that by coughing and {pitting ic
expe-terates and throws up all fuch matter ‘sith the greateft

HENRY COX, living next Door to the

*

Fafe and Pleafure, thereby clean‘ng an freeing the Preaft |

and f.ungs, when ftuffed upand eleg wd with a heavy Load, and
fy prevents Confimptions, Ulcers; the Lungs, &e. Note,
It isa fate and pleatant Medicine ; to be taken by fpeantin's,
according to the printed Iirestions, withour the leaft Canfine-
ment, ordanger of catching Cold. To be had ar Mr. George
Strahan’s ac the Golden Ball over againft the Roya) Exchange,
Cornbill, and at moocher Place. Priceszs. 6d.

Printed for Jer. Bately ac the

‘unning, &c. thangh of

IN2 moment; if gives a perteck Keliet

‘PRL Day uy oubhiGed (dedkcateitathe Pt. For C43 Chik:
Jatiics hing) the fecont Fditiag, of &-7°2° ee

Se" The v atiizn Catehitia, competce aad gablithed by Cr-
deroftne CAAK. To which it ainexet, “2 thore Ac oun’ of
the Church Government ana Ceoismomes of the Mule vites,
ator d with Cutes. Price os. 6d. Wiated tor W. Meteows
ar the Angelin Cornhill, © | Wihrewe inay be hed, pt out tie
ed, tarthe Uieof Seavols, Fxcreenta Mitcevenes oe 7 Protae
tilfituis Lingwe Latine Austere, beng 2 Cobre i704
the elt Ciuficks ut cafy and ufeitad Pieces of Mos Jie, be!
that Boys may begin with the Prsuty ar the Latics Tonghe,
whicn is fuited to their Caparitics, ted wal imurere tier
Funcies and Judgments tor then srft Comps:ntions. Bo be
Hoteutis, ALM.

Entiemen have large Sunn to lav outin the Pureni®. of
Annuities for Lie, of Ylaces for Lites cf ile ot
Londo, either Freetinld, of upon ihert Le ces 3 or a Hart
and Garce.sin Herete 9 he, or neertts: Cranes. lL bap
fon wants an Anniity of zoo! a Yeer for oc Le of 2
Chils of ¢ Yearsald Tu be fell, a Gotiege bet ov uh
a Year, A pool Hous, with an Heate ig Aster tire, UA
poo Floufe, with an Eftate: in buch: aA poot Wont near
Linh: idge Wels. An Eitate of aia Yeariiianp tire:
(A Conyho'd Fftate in hiddlefex. “A Ferfon basa kaye’ Som
to lend upon gout Securities in Len! or sforles. Pro ral
to he fent to Mr. Suensay, ac Guiten’s Coflle-Heufe sey
Berry Street, St. jaa.e.’s, Pot nad . - 4

Juft Pubsh'd,

*,* A Common-Piace Beak ta che Holy Bivie: O-, the
sen tures Sutharney practically temenftrated, Wherein the
| SvoRance of Scripture, refaeeting Doctrine, We thir, ays
Manncis, is reduced to its prover Head. Weigher Cafes are
refolved, Truths condrm d, ant difiests Teacs Uuftraces and
explaind. The Third Kdition 5 impro:'d with owelve enciye
tdditional Chapters 5 many Erressin the sormer Bditieas o-e
amended, and the whole faith uly collared Tear by Ts? 5
together with proper Inftrtions made to correct the Senfe.
vrintedfor R. and J. Bonwick, ani KR. Wilkin in St. pout:
Chureh Yard; J. Walthocand T. Wardia the’fempie +. fw: am
may be had the Canbridg Conco,danc:, 51h Edit. corect!

we pegs, Lately publithed, in Latin,

I) Car-friane Religionis, tive Ecclehio? Anghcaiy Avie
Cull 39, &c. being a large Commentary of tae gg otic) s,
With proper Citations trom rhe Grek on? fistho pace
suftrating or comnming the fime; aselfothomche ote le.
von Wrens. Togetuir cit infwerste mioft agte.
COINS Serta Mace agsime Coat be wheloaene dit f-
bo 8 ar anid contp.calous Method, anteuiedy de gigi g he
Vit OF young -eatlemen atthe Univericy. Bytae iwc ¢-+
sermd MY “ord. Sort by J. Kin2pten ar tie Wroweny my SU
Paul's Church Yad. ). Biotherronarthe Eible in Cott
and J. Humtiey. in Rartho’amew-! ar 2, beuial che tay!
Be pa

Exenaige ; atthe iafe ofwhich Piaces te SoMevbers
are delivere 4. :

Juft publith’d (in rato atora’d with Cuts) the gth Egi-
: >. thom of " ¢

*." BOSCOREL; cr, the comeleat
mirsculous Prefervecion of Ling Chortes TY,
of Woreefter; with che feveril reimarkabl: Partioul s+ 5
Majerky’s Ff-ape ; and a true Cory 0" the Yrociamation o&
too}. wewa: lio the appr heviing hin, coor t adder: 3
beef “ieherd Pendens Evicipy. Tozerier with Clue
frun egale xefertum, or the fing. Comeaument 3
Trent. Putiithet by Mrs. Anime Wyietiae ud: Sritentas

EHory of tne mine
rattle

a fae

mean TO tie whore, giving a farther seccornt of tee Pro
credings of the Rebel Par dament, to th> 2eteractom, Price
<>.’ tainted for J. Wilterdin Litcie Pritan. - 7
N infallible Remedy, proved by meuqy co ne8roy thot
navfeous Verma cad EU GS, ousting they Mall nes
ver return again: atisa Liquil crept iv a Foe ene,
fiat is mo ways hurl to Furniture, brit ec ever Jo Med

Three Quart Bottles c:yrts a Ved effectually, Po be bad ene
ly at Winl's Cuffce-houft on Luigate-lill, over Abiko
Old-Biily, at 2s. 6d. per Botth. with mitted Diretcons,
Norte, [Fany Perfon within 10 Males af Ho.don is te4 oust)
agiee tor the curing any Numiberct feds, nor inder Ix, for
him direct a Letter to William Howarc, ac tre aforefuid
Cofktz-nonfe, Poft paid, and he Mall be waited upon. '

INCTURA NERVOSA CANDIACA, or the Cordial
Tincture for the Nerves, bei: g an apnyoved, experienc: !

and never-faiing Medicament in “nking, languifhirg, ani
lownels of Spirits, Petpitation, or Tremb ing of che Heart. “1
all paratitick, foparcie and convwiive Diftesimer., andi in’s']
Ammictions of the Headan? Nervcs; itiniailib'y orovenss Rhe
bad Effects of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves, which n-cwone
in mo People the atove-mentiored Dir fers Cviti mad
more, which you'l fee at large in the Book of printed Direc i-
ons) hur yet by taking a few Drovs of th’s mic oleafire dee
licate Cordial, jn che nrf& Dith of C AG of Tea, su may then
diinkact f ikerty; for thisgreat Medicine eepetrapes thicgpt
the whole ne vous Syftem, and fa rerrui ste Gr in ang cya!
core with a full Incux of exniting Snir cs. whieh pecorm the
Butinefof viral Function with feth Alaciity, andnese Biiske
nes; fo chat the Puife, whieh lay “ete ana waver. now
falls 2 beating vigorewls, and with gest Facctuedss more.
ever, I wonderilly ditpertes bear, Sacne’3, eorfis'd coughts:
Twitchings of the Legsand Arms, aifturd d Sleep, aia all the
difmal Train o° ee ees and Meiancholy: “Ic likewife ftongs

1

Voriting, puts of Naweoufhef:, procurcs a good A NeciCe,
90d Is now in-great Eftcem among't Quality of the firft Rank.

Sold only at G. Scrahan’s, Book?:LHer,
Cormhill, over againk
Place. Piice as. 6d.

at the Golden Baik in
the Royal-Excoange, and at Go others
 : LY]
uC ee

uf publith’d, the 6th Baition af

3° 1, BSS 6" ipon feveral Moral Subjets. Ta Phrce

Ports, Upon Pride Dueiling, General Kindaett, the Weak:
nefsot Human Reafon 4 on Mulick, the Value uf Lift, the
Sploen etnefs. of Defire, Friendthip, Populuritys a
Teoughe, the Entertainment of Auoks, Bnvy, aguinft
Delpair, of Cavetoufachs, Liberty, Old Age, Pleafire, ot
_ Pain, evenge, Authors, Power, Riehes and Poverty,

pubrredom, FE runkennets, Gaming, Solitude, Mifeentent,

m er s » ;

{ : fhort and exty Method with the Deifts, wherela the
Truth of the Chriftian Religion is demonttrated by infallible
Proof from four Rules, which aic incomputibie to any [mpo-
fture that ever yet has heen, or can poillbly bu, To whieh is
added, a fecond Part te the Jews,

Ill. DESIDERIUS, or, the Original Pilgrims, fiewing
the moit compeniious Way toarrive atthe Love or Gud, By
Laurence Howel, A. M.

"~All three printed for G. Strahan at the Golden Bull over:
‘ againft the Royal Exchange its Cornhill.

-s T th HUNGARY WATER WARE-
Pa on HOUSE, at tfc Black Boy and Comb,
8 a Comb-Makers, the Corer of Rell-Savage-
anion Lidgate-Hill, is fold right trench
i Hungary Warer, in large half Pint dint Rot.
i ties, a the time Sort fuld at the fuld
| Place feveral Years paft, or rather better, be-
Jing « freth Parcel, and diftinguifies ic felt
fn ys pern Icious counterfeit Sort fold about nn Town fit,
ts ine Flavour on 8 tty cY as :
hang nfl on Fire wieh a lighted Paper,

yy Trott, .
he OT a) thosds to the ve.
ard 44 id the gris ft BAden do; zie
Ladies, G0, nt the isis Qaraiity No, Words aah Pb thy
Virtties, for IE is not Dalat to pur mts adi.
natiral Gloit onthe Skin, But a true Memedy, that by ite
really wids w Lufire to the moit beautitil, by srewin
¢fne Features of the Mace, an ‘
(hi 1 that it may

to the greater Perit pfs and ks {
alnly fy much iy taken inwardly, Ad Antal iy kills gin Magee
whereas if Milled Leud be butas tick as the thinnet P kes away Bre ts, Wrinkles, Bot the
uf a Caft Sheet, befides its Heanty and Smoothnelt, the Eat ,

Wite oF
Fnait. On, anda dy cues any Delete in the ae |
Ney and Bolidizy is ft ‘Ove hh bet a h a
y olidiey ts fiiffelent to prove it much better than a Admalon Hal Dubin es tee
lagreeab oO

Reads befides, there are Crack-b ow Holes, atid Bund f
in Cait Lead, that often happens and lic concealed with the plex on, oF troubled with any d le Rednefi, Rough
Sheet, riot appearin on the Supesticies, The general Ole the ef, Morphew, Eleats, or the ike, it js nor to ‘de
MiliMt Lead § appllc. to, plaltiy fhews its Preterence to Cafe | For it immediately finooths, clears, plumps,  fiourl
Lead, viz. his Ma tty's Royal avy and Yaris, and Green-| whitens the Skin Co the aft Degtes 4 and
wich Hofpitals all the fity new Churches th.t have been 6 d '
built are covered with Mild Lead, the Honourable Coin-
inlifioners not admitting a Propofal_ of be
endlefy to mention what Quantity of Mill'd Lead is wfed on
the Houtts of the Nobilityand Gunery, as iikewife on common
Bulldings, &e, Note, Join Fincher, Plumber In Swatlow
Servet nguintt St. Jaines’s Church b the new Bulldings, hath
therean entire Leud Mill to himielf, and felleth his Mild
Lead much cheaper than others, ay any one by fending or
waking with him, or his Partner, qanes Slater Plunber,
nay be filly fatistied, Tho Sizes are froin four Pourtd En five,
xy feven, eight or nine per Foot Square, or any surther
by ip picket it hein cuff an Epes thiek, an fixe Foot wide ;
t a Spoonfi 4 delivercd any where about ‘Town free from Charge, hay.
— ft wilt trrn on heres the comntertiit Sort has none of} @ Cart tor that Purpoil: They alfo make Mould Water Fie
theft Qualities, by reafon the Materials in France are much after anew Method, ofall Sorts, andexchange for Pig Lead,

better than in thefe Northern Ciliates! Moreover, the enue por uld Lead,
ch is always at the fame Place, and no where clfe ; and the T die mol fure and long experienced Antl-vencreal COM:

Advertifoment to all thofe Who ufe Bhest4oud, ‘ef
[* i agrend by all, if we Plumbers couldeatt Lead exxdlly t
equal to the thinneft art of the Shevt, le world be better

-and more durable than to be thicker in one Place than in gno-
ther, fu that the Exeefy of Thicktiefs is Nut ottly af un ry
Whit ge pald far, but ie makes the Bhoce wurlk, by its ftronger
refitting the Siin-Heama, which 1 Hing alike on aff Miatcs,
draws up the thinner Parts, when the Rronger ftays behind,
and caufle that cockling and crackling thereon, and is cer:
wore by shat it yvarics from a diqualtty

ever yet K i lick, for
ari iid utifyl Skin. “fa: fold on Mr.
Bes af ving sue nest the Swan Taverna:
gainit the Royal Rachange in Cotnhbill, Londonj'at ss, a
Bs Mr, Ward, by my Order, gives good Allowa
Country Shopkeepors, So, that fend for ie by the igwanice te
and gives aniver I partehaetion “eis a late acq iM crel
i Hy a ’ n
known to none but the Author thereof. aeqines secret,

nt publihed new Fulicions ofthe folowing Rooks,
J (f ” A’ Accoutit of the PAC, ‘ where the
ard,

Nightingale, Swallow, Cuchow, Fileld-

yodcuck, an other Hinds ot batt e
Go and Kefide, when Abféne trom us, (A
Curlous Treatif&.) Alife the GOUT, the
Weaknets, and Seeret Patiene'’s DIA KTES,

Fren
Counterfeit is firft put to one, Shon to fully but its foon, ry it i YUND, or execilent searching Eleckuary, the Uke of zi :
and fold at an ’ 1h A>} which jsnot to be met with Being cachu Practical Jounul trom Day to

ies Day whilft a Perfon has th
or IGLEET, or the GOUT, upon chem,

Theft Hooks ure all GLVEN GATIS UpOnePalrof Stairs
at the Celebruted Anodyne NECKLACE, Keconmended by
Dr, Chamberlen for Children’s Teeth without Temple: Bar, Ae
Mr. Jeremiah Pain's Voythop in Pope's Heal-Ally in Gorm
Hill, right aver-agsintt the Royal-Bxchany. And hy . Brad-
Shaw (the Author's Servant) agate Sutkon-Strek Bnd by
Solo Square.

SHORT und infallible Cure forthe Itch or any itehin

h Humour, or feorhutiet Breaking out whatioever, thony
it be never {yu bad or of never fs long ftanding, by a fpeelfick
Flestuary, particularly adapted tor that Purpofe, and many
Years experienced: it i4 the moft wonderful Scerce in the
World for the Cure of that troubles me Ditteniper, and the

Scurvy: for in two or three times taking, ic certainly “une
a

¢ Secret Difuatt,

i

OR the true Cure of frefh, CLAPS (and all the lurking
Kelicks or Kemains of old ones) how virulent or olvti-
nate fovver they be; fur itencively, and, asic were, intantly
ferrets out and carries off all the Althy polfonous Jn estions,
wears away the various Symptoms, and, by Degrees, elcantes
off the Kunming, and healsand frengtiiens the Parts fensibly
and firmly, without the too common Confequesices of jea-
ving either Fuulnels, Gleeting or Weaknefibehind. ‘This it
dovs isin a Way fo regular and gentle, both by Stool and O-
rine, and with a Doft each Time, fo (inal! and pleafline, (the
Quantity burof'a Nutmeg) that the: nice Perini are as
well firprized as délighted withit, and the more, as lt ugr ss
all manner of Pain, though never fo violent, or of many Years| with avery ones Conititution, hinders no Rulinets, no pivet
ftanding, prefently vanfihes, tothe Admisation ot al! wha | che leatt Sufpicton, to the neareft Relation, Una very tinal
have taken them, who could not believe Jt in the Power of | Space of Time (living temperately) it rldsawayamild CLAS |
edicine to give fuch fudden, und almof miraculous Fale, | and thofs more fevere, according to thelr feverul Deprecs of
convinced byeheir own Expericnec. Hundreds} Matignicy. There never was, orcan be, inthe whole Art of

found out, it isremoved
vertifemeht, of a Parcal juft arrived from Montpeller.

Note, Beware of Countertvits.

HF, moft fevere RHEUMATISM, and all Rheumatick
Pains of the Limbs, &e. whether fix'd or wandering,

- moft certainly evred, fo as not to return agains by Ineninpae
rable Chymical Drops, which without the leaf ‘Trouble oy
Diforder, entirely frees the Patient trom that eritet Difeafe in
& wonderful Manner 5 for they immediately reftore a due and

~ eaual Circulation #0 the Fluids, inthe minuteft Canals, by
effeétnally attenuating and fibduing the fatal Lentor, or
viftid Matter, that oecafions all the Mifehiefs, infomuel that

- gilt happil Ae a
Oho bed Been miferably afflicted with She Rhenmatifin for} Physick contriv'd, any Medicine or Method, cay avle of per-| tee and rectifies the Blood and Juiees to Admiration
ether, end, a'ter trying moft other Remedies, | forming the Cure more certainly, more fafely, or more fers) them from all manner of Imparifies, and abfaluecty frikes at

dily, for it ds fo compleatly adapted to every Circunitanee of] che very Root of the Itch or other tcorbutich Breakings out
the Intection, ani f fully anfwers the feveral Intentiony ol | 9 as intallinly tu accomplifh a Cure in_two or three Days, to
curing, that it isimpolfible ie thould once fail. Hut no more tq Mirsels, and that with the greate Fafe and Safety {niagi-
need be fild of te, fe will recommend ie felf, and when it coinces | nable, without the leat Trouble or Confinement, Is fold on-
to be throu ply knowns (as Its peculfar, and moft admirable ly by My. Sanders, Haberdather of Small Wares, at the Blue
fiecetstul Kffeets will by Degrees make it) no Perfon will bs all in Kenchureh-Strect, nar Aldgate, at 3 a Box, with

ray cd of being ever selleved, have been almof initantly

nred by thefe moft excellent Drops, which were never fu
much av once known to fail. They aie ver ogtocable to take,
and for Safety might of, given Sp PPR ns gg ttane without
; ¢ fold only_at jaca often: 2 Over.

nome che An fand Crown Pavrn in Threadneedle-freer,

pening ‘the “Royal Exchange, at 3% 6d. a Bottle, with | ever after feek tor Cure himftif, or advife his Friend to any | Direstions,
i other Remedy, Pilte s4, the Tin Pot. Left to be fold (feal'd ,
a Bookftller, at the Gol- WRIGHT's Pinregien, or c'eanfing Tin‘ture,

Directions.

HYPOCHONDRJCK MELANCHOLY, —
ITH which flich vatt Numbers of Perfons are fo mifera-
bly affiicte 1, being, forthe moft Part, deemed an ima-
- ginary Difeate, on only fancied Hinety, no Wonder thar. all
R edics appropriated for ir on that Principle, fould prove
dn @ violent Fever is not a more rea Diftemper than
Ey pochondriack Melancholy is, which procecds as that does,
- from an ill State of the Blood and Juiccs, asthofeonly know
who being well acquainted with the anitnal Oecotiomy und
Lawsof Mechaniltn, are fenfible how much the intelicétual
Faoultics are affected by the good or bad Condition of the
Fluids, On this Foundation the inefiimable exhilerating Hill
j pted, and on very large Ex r
efcachr ar the Cure of the Hy pocholiiack Difeates, In all
- Sorrsof Perfors, even in its higheft and moft grievous
where nothing tut Horror reigns, where Keafoning fs inter:
rupted or deprayed, and where the Mind Is confifed with tcr-
sible Perturbations, Axictics, and Defpondency even to Di-
Arattion. Its furprifing to fee how this Filxlr, by regulating
the firtt Digeftions, andre fying all the Juices, induces anew free
Train of enearful and pieafurable Ideas, inftead of thoft deep
and black Thoughts, chefs direfil Appichenfions that {> tc-
nacioufly dvelt wont the, Sond, ag Combrc again tet
0
and deftroy’d ao ee ndifturb'd Spirits, and enufes bright

Pas terete ' t. Sas chiren and Chancery-Lane Ww Hich tirinully difeharges all the frecesar putrid sellekg of
Find, in Bleet-Street, where it_may be had by any Meflen- the Lues Alamode, or Venereal Iniettion, and caufts
ey “woking only fora ss, Potof the COMPOUND, Note, | [es Concominitants, the wretched Train of that complicated |
he great Efficacy of this Medicine, and its kecping, as Jt will Distemper, asa mucous, filthy, tanious Matter loig’d in the
Time out of Mind, in any Climate, has incouraged feveral | Reins, orfpermatick Parts, which elther cau(e a tharpnetsin
Mafters of Ships, and othey Scafaring People, to take Quan- oe Urine, or too frequene! provokes It. pats. Wetiek is
ee aban, wiry hey jase dW nome Pace fe) rp Pee Bebe Gace en
- rtain cure for founder'd HORSES, by an excetiene| averting Smell of the Urine, with a purilent Matter, ur
A . eal Seeret, which immedlatel sakes awh alt Pain (eeculent Sores, refiding at the Bottom, or flying In it, with
Coy ea cert eve ant ait ourntag Feat andparchina| Varicty of Figures, Farther, this Tincture efpectally carries
and Anguifh in thelr Fevt, and aff ourning Heat and parching/ o@'ati” Relicks of the Venereal Difea(t, uftcr ii managed
Dey a ng oO ee or caty, andthe Hoof ro] enrcs, fot only cleanfing the Urinary Paffages of ail Band,
fing them to become ety eee pinch them + making thote | Gfavel, Films, or membranccus Pellictes, fe, but after &
Fe ee cer tid itarce fang, or when tlicy did, ftood | Hugwlar Keffieacy, Invigntuting the Reins reftoring them, and
orfts that before could fearce ftand, or when they did, tood | gh nelr genital Parey to their original ‘Tene and Ofey though
with all thelr sour Feet crumpling wp together, Able fo Hand | the Midorrime and Decay be of the longert Date, with an e-
and tread out freely an > W id al fe hot {nt N=] anal Steet in each Sex. To be had tor 104 per Bottle, with
eafincht or Lamene(s: ‘Thott that are but a little hot ip thelr Diredtions for ita Ute, only at his Hours, the Gulden Head
COE ead ree me, making hem as pee | and two Lamps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate HL,
fetly fem and found tn thels Fect a ete or had uly BE We] D aheiee Scesingn auton Wie Bkiny inveterata Techy dcr
itt, @ Rookteller, at the Croft-Keys and Rible in Corn-| whether of the whole Body, or th particular Parts only, Infids.
tockseMarket, at 8,64, 0 Glafs, with Direétions, | libly cured » by an incomparable Klectuary, ‘which ‘alter all
cthods and Medicines, and even jon tried

it occafions a Flow of 1 TEEL Spring or jointed Truffes for the Cure pf] the uftal

Gleams pf Joy to break in upon the Heart, and chage aw S R pri Guy to new born Infants, and effe. | in vain, perfectly eradieates thofe Inveterute Maladies, thaugh.

the whole Load of depreffed and melaneholy Imaginations fo yiptures, Caly to ih Toth y Yeu ning, fo as never to return econ
fiidd it Ito the Aged alfo Boring Trl Suiehoate pllihing at ina tew Pays whieh nu ove Meats ca het

Fae Steel Circumftrence, of an entire new Invention t
ao ¢/ perform In many Months, and that. w
f re \ is y i .
thinking, flich read lt ears a rele Inenmbra om, Int}. ding beuppies the’ Trifles and proper Dire! Sriier ght Hroutnefies of the Skin, {¢ compleatiy cures ate
ijn? Rela nace ib grees | lat, BLP ER ti eac brad ia Ecsie, wn es gana Ean yea
fines of Mind, is inexpremMble, os all who try It will moff | ae Sia cheapie, and Lame ") depended upon us absolutely ital le, ab tho Patients thems
affuredly find, Troceafions no Manner ot Difotd r, fe pleafant ot p feak and LAM. Gotien-Ball over: hen inthte Da Mrine will & ured) y in dr It isto be had
eo eee Pn a Kot tn SM ea lagth Meta peered te unten] aurea atta t?AEye8 Ys Rap
‘ , ef, to her own er.Bteci a A ve
h-Yard in the Brands near Arundel Street Be Navel, ate exceedin aly i ant, en and effeétual, Direetions, ) ae

were from Inchantment 5 and how enjoy,

i fee nly réllcved, as
effectually, that the Pot cnt m fil ing Heved, as it
Spirits, fteady, ferene and gay Thoughts, ftand

4 that they could be chained down to sich 9 difmal Way of}
% as le.

Giement’s Chure

° ps) le, with ‘
Hay ea AIRES, WELD BONDON: Printed by N. MIST, in Great-CartereLant,
 MIST’s WEEKLY JOURNAL. — Wom a

1725.

SaTurnpaAy, May 29,

murs and Complaints every where to be heard] ‘¢ I come now to the next |
againft him, fo that the Beafte, by univerfal Con- | * gainft me, which is taking if abe we } cat
fent, endeavour’d to pluck him down : This was]* take ? why Corn— now I hall roy e lovient E
no fooner done, but they refolved to bring him]* that thisisnoe Mulum in fe-—for Corn Kao ly
to Juftice, and try him like a common Sheep-}‘ ble Judges, isa good Thing, and of ‘nie re
ftealer, defigning to have his Skin ftripp’d over] ‘ Ufe;——Can any Body deny it 2 Ergo, I at a
his Ears, and hung up én Terrorem, to keep all} taking of Corn is a good Aion a e tag
Knaves in Office honeft ; but Foxes being Beafts]‘ eff, and fo I hope ftand acquitied. * rebate

Sea el | happen’d once upon a ‘Time,
ep OYE PP uF

ce ee many Ages fince, when Beafts
oe i

could fpeak, that a Fox was cho-
fen by the four-footed Nation for
aN tated the Adminiftration of : Jutice. —

eeeea8)} If one Beaft did Injury to ano-
ther, Mr. Reynard was to fee the Injur’d redrefs'd ;
if any Beaft had worried Pig or Goofe, the De-

+

linquent was brought before him, and he was to
appoint the Punifhment. You'll fay this
was avery odd Employment for a Beaft whofe
whole Compofition is fuppofed to be nothing
but Fraud. oo
While his Worfhip. was thus invefted with
Power, he was refolved to make the moft of his
Place ; he never minded the Merits of the Caufe,
but always gave his Verdi& where moft Money
was ftirring ; he was over and above exceeding
infolent, puft up with Pride, and giddy, as it
were, with his Rife, and made himfelf terrible
to every poor Beaft, who had nothing to truft to
but the FairnefS and Honefty of his Canfe. —
_ But this was not all; he was not content with
committing Injuftice within his Province; he
launch’d out further, and often exercifed a Power
not delegated to him ; for when any Beaft of
Induftry, who, by.its Labour, ‘had gathered toge-
ther a Stock of Corn, or other Provifion for its
young ones,
and Charge of its tender Off-fpring to fome other
Beaft: Reynard pretended, that the Care of all
Orphans beleng’d to him ; fo he ufed to take the
‘Corn, or -other Provifion, which was faved by
the induftrious Sire, for the Nourifhment of its
Young, and lay it up in a great Hole which he
had made on purpofe for that Ufe ; he alfo pla-
~ ced a Parcel of Curs, who were of the Fox Kind,
to guard if;
whom it belong’d, were hungry, they ufed to
come (as it was natural) to the worfhipful Rey-

nard, to bez alittle Relief; Reynard fent them} p if them
; 5 Crime, and that taking of Bribes was a vertuous

¢ Moft noble

to the Curs, his Confederates; the Curs fent
them back again to Reynard, and fo they were
fhuffled back from one to the other, till the poor
Creatures were fometimes ftarved.

Thus Reynard went on for many Years, in which
ime the Rogue had learned feveral arch Tricks
of Legerdemain, and Slight of Hand, which he
ufed to play, tothe great Admiration of the Be-
holders. ~ One of thefe was, when two
' Parties contended about a Right or Property in
any Thing, he commanded the Thing in Difpute
to be brought before him; when he wou'd cry,
Hey paft, and immediately the Thing was con-
vey’d out of their Sight, No-body knew how, or.
where, while the Difpurants were forc’d to go of
fhaking their Ears like a couple of Fools, Rey-
navd all the while laughing at them. —At
other Times the Wag wou'd pretend to be deaf,
at which Time, if a Suiter fhould baw! in his
- ‘Ears never fo loud, the Rogue would keep his
Countenance as.if.he did not hear a Word, ‘til
they greaz'd his Paws with the Fat of a. Goofe,
which he loved mightily, and ufed to tickle his
Leachery, and then he'd do their Bufinefs im-
raediately, He had alfo learned a nafty
Trick.of piffing upon his Tail, and flapping it-in
the Speftators Eyes, that they fhould not fee what
he was doing. © .

However, at Jength, he grew fo intolerable
and arbitrary, that there was nothing but Mur- |

happen’d to die, and left the Care | J

therefore whenthe young Things, to] p

of a very crafty Species, it was apprehended that

he would, by fome Trick or other, bring himfelfj how idly, and how little

off, in Spite of all they could do.

But as he was now no more to be fear'’d, a
thoufand Accufations came in againft him ; Pigs
and Geefe, and Lambs without Number, that he
had worried, were made Articles againft him;
Corn and Cheefe, and many other Things which
Foxes love, and -which he had taken for Bribes,
were alfo reprefanted as criminal Pra&ices. ——
Add to this, that he had gor a Trick of fwea:ing
like am Evidence, which he ufed as a Cloak to drayy
in and bite feveral harmlefs Animals.

At firft he thought the Beafts were only in Jeft,
therefore he toldthem, they were pleafed.to be
very merry. Whar, fays he, does your Wif-
doms think that an Oath is to bind a Fox of my
Quality? Zounds! at this Rate, I am to have no
more Liberty of Confcience than when I was a
poor Devil ;— Befides, to talk of Perjury» isa meer

oke, for I never meant a Word of what I fwore.
". When they faw him defend in fuch a Manner,
as if he was turning all Juftice into Ridicule, the
jut Spirit of Refenrment was increas’d againft

him, fo chat he began to fee now it was noye!ting’
Manner, and that they refolved to worry him for:
his Tricks———-Then he chang’d his Note, and,

put on a moft fantify’d Face, and confidering
with himfelf, that the Fa&s againft him were
roved by fo many inconteftible Witnetles, that
it could avail him nothing todeny them; he en-
deavour’d by quibling, anda kind of foolifh So-
hiftry to perfuade them, that Stealing was no

and an honourable Action.
¢ Judges, fays he, (for now he began to wheedle)
¢ every Thing has two Faces, and I muft beg you
to beware, leaft Prejudice and Partiality fhould

~

dle.
againft me concerning certain Fats, but if I
rove to you thatthe whole World is miftaken

Clamour falls tothe Ground of Courfe.
fider, moft noble Judges, that 1 am wife, and
vertueus, and good, and charitable, I know
this is more than you ever heard before, ° or

will have greater Weight than the Complaints
of a foolifh World. = = =

Ce er, a a a a

_© Charity, fays one of the Fathers, covers a Mul-

titude of Crimes (fo I have been told, for to tell

outhe Truch, moft nuble Judges, Inever read
thofe old Gentlemenin my Life) now if this be
true, who can pretend to fo much Vertue as my

ther tothe Poor, or if I purloin'd a Pig, I fufter’d
any one who was in Want to take fome of the

nnn eprnra'n Ana

(whichI never could think in my Life) here it

¢ carries its Excufe along with it.

~

miflead you to take ‘Things by the wrong Han-
Here are indeed a Heap of Complaints

in taking fuch Facts for Crimes, then all che
Con-

ever will hear again from any Perfon but my
felf; but fince I my felf tell you fo, I hope it

felf, for I can prove, that I never<ftole a Goofe
‘from a Widow oran Orphan, but I gave a Fea-

Briftles,—fo that if ftealing fhould be a Crime, {has lived a private Life ever fince.

When the Ailembly of the Beat; had heard

' to the Pur
argued in his Defence, they flood iit Ase toe
fo much at his Knavery) which many of them
had feen farmer Examples of )as at his Ignorance.
Upon the whole, they impannel’d a Jury of the
Beafts of the greateft Sagacity amongft them,
wno having thoroughly examined and "infpeGed
aerate hod difcover’d a large Pair of Ears.
which hitl erto he had taken grear Care to hide -
upon which they made a Report which very
much furpriz’d the Affembly, viz. that this Crea.
ture, which they had fo long taken fora Fox
was at Bottom no more than an Afs, or at leaf:.
very near a-kin to one, which was eafily believ'd
for they confider’d, that tho’ they had found in
im a great deal of the Knavery of the Fox, yer
nd nothin |
city of that Creature. g of the Addrefs or Saga

FOREIGN AFFAI .

It is now found out that the late Accounsgiv-
en out at Rome and other Courts, by the Mini-
fiers of France, concerning the Marriage af the.
young ‘King and of the Duke of Bourbon Were
ony nade to amufe the World, and hinder Peo.
p e P rom enquiring too narrowly concerning the
7Srion of the defigneé Queen, till the Court of
France fhould think it a proper Time‘to make
me Matter publick, Accordingly, on the 22d-
of May N. S. which was on Sunday laft was fe-
yennight, the moft Chriftian King was pleated to
qo are, his Sponfe to be the Daughter of Stani-

| AUS Lizinski, the abdicated King of Poland:
upon which Occafion his Majefty receiv'd the
Compliments of all the Princes and Nobilit m
as likewife of'all the Foreign Miniffers, excepe-
ing the Minifters of King Augufius, who imme.
aiatly “cparted from Court. mS
, 7£ was oblerv'd, that the News of this Mar.
Tuipe was agreeably received, not only bye
Nobility, but all the People in general, who ex-
tol it us an AGion great, generous, and nuble jn
their King, when he might have chofen out af all
the Princeffes of Europe, to caft his Eyes ‘ypon
the Daughter of a Prince abdicated. from ‘his Da-
musionss and living-ina kind of Exile =”
tanifiaus, the Father of this Princefs -
lected King at Warfaw, by the Nobility of Po-
land, King Auguftus having been fer afide for
breaking the Patte Conventa, Staniflaus’ was ac.
knowledg'd by the Princes of Europe, and King.
Auguftus deliver'd him up the Regalia of Poland,
and complimented him upon his Ele@ion - bus
after the late King of Sweden, who was in Al-
liance with Staniflaus, was defeated at ‘Pultowa,
by the late Czar, Auguftus re-enter’d Poland with
an Army, notwithftanding he had taken.ap’ Oath
never to attempt the Recovery of
and Sraniflaus, :

being in no Condition, retired >

*

>

i=
e

y

fPrice Two Pence.] ;

: ®
Soe ‘
am: .
. FR ae
+ Aid 4, Ky -*
Le 7 , -
i a
. Se .
* Chath SU We:
. oh, AS
 Advices from feveral Pavts ave us fellow. |,

go 1. was -ran.for by 8 Horfes on Monday laft,
and won by Mr: Hebbleth waire's forrel Colt. -
‘The Hunter’s Plate, 10 Horfes run, won by, Mr.
Ord’s black Gelding. nn
From Roche fier, "That the Honourable: and Re-
verend Dr. Bridges, Archidcacon of: Rocheiter,
held his Vifitation laff Week in the faid Diocels,
and preach'd a moft excellent Sermon to his di-
tiful Clergy, fuitable to the deplorable Corrup-
tion.of -Pririciples and Manners inthis Age. .

From Eye in Suffolk, ‘That fome Smugiers ha-

ving loaded an empty Hearfe with Brandy, took
the Opportunity of going a little before another
Hearfe with its funeral Attendants ; and not con-
tented to pafs along undifturb’d; one of them con-
cern’d in the Matter, gave an Information to
fome Officers of a Divifion they went through,
which caus’d an Attack to be made upon the faid
funeral Hearfe ; and the Cavalcade was thereby

diforder’d, and the fiippos’d Cargo carry’d off, while.
the other got fafeto Town ; but when the Officers

found they had got nothing but'a dead Corpfe, they
fwore as if they had not had an Hour to live.

From York, That great Storms of Rain, ° with

Thunder and Lightning, have been round that
County ; at Sheriff-Hutton, eight Miles from that
City, two Menin the Fields being at work, one of
them vwaas ftruck dead, and his Legs fhiver'd to
Pieces, whilft the other receiv’d no other Da-
mage than having his Coat finged, arid the La-
pits burnt off, —— A great Number of Workmen
are employ‘’d in building a fine Houfe for their
Lord Mayors to refide in. se

From Canterbury,
Storms there, as above, a Gentieman’s Servant
was ftruck off his Horfe and lay for dead fometime.
" Brom Norwich, That Yefterday Sevennight, a

Man was found ftript and bound on . Menshold}] .

Hill, that had been robb’d the Night before by
two Men of 20 or 301. of a

From Maidftone, that fome Days ago one John

Holden a Farmer, at Cranbrook, had a Sow,
- which, after having farrow'd eleven Pigs perfeft,
brought forth another dead, in a Bag:by it felf,
which had but one Eye, and that in the Middle
of the Forehead: The Nofe' was much fhorrer
than the lower Jaw, and in. the Shape of a Dol-
phin’s Snourt; and another Nofe or Snout grew out
onthe Forehead, a little above the Eye, not un-
like an Elephant’s Trunk. The Legs, Ears and
Body,. were perfea&.

LONDON, May 29.
Promotions. Daniel Lord Finch, Son to the
Earl of Nottingham, is made Comptroller in the
~ Room of Paul Metheun, Efq; who is made Trea-
furer of the Houfhold in the Room of the late
Earl Cholmondley. ——— Sir William Strickland
_ made one of the Lords of the Treafury; he is
poing down to Scarboruugl: to be re-ele&ted Mem-
ber for that Borough. "Tis expected Dr. Burf-
cough will. be chofen Bifhop of Limrick; and,
"tis ho ’d, that the Lord Chief Juftice King will
fpeedily-be appointed Lord Chancellor of Great
Britainand be madea Peer. — .

On Tuefday laft a Servant Man and Maid that
liv'd at the Goat Tavern, Charing-Crofs, were
committed to the.Gatehoufe for ftealing, ‘at feve-
ral Times, certain Sums of Money out of their
Mafter’s Cupboard; they haying a falfe Key for
that-Purpofe. | es OT

Captain Robert: Elfton, tlrag'was: fome Days
ago removed by a Habeas. Gorpes ‘from Newgate..in
Briftol, to Newgate in this City; being-chatged.
with the barbarous Murther of his Cabbin Boy,

That there h«ve been violent |.

fis to be try’d ab “the next Seffions for London, at]
wUree! . + Tthe Old-Baily. © =. ey
From Néweaftle, Thar the Genclemens Plate of

On. Monday Jonathan Wild was’ executed ‘ed
Tyburn. Never was. there .feen fo prodigious a

-{Concotirfe. of People before, upen any Occafion ;

and, what's very remarkable, in all thar nume-
rous .Crowd there was not‘ one pittying Eye ro
be found, or. compaffjonare Word heard ; but,-on
the contrary, all-the Way he went, nothing but
Hollowing and Huzzas, as. if it had’ been a’ Tri-
umnph, -particularly when lie was turn’d off. 'The
Night before his Execution, he took a large Dofe
of Liquid Laudanum, in order to have difpatch’d
himfelf ; but fwallewing too much, and having
fafted tour Days before, it came up again ; how-
ever, it {cem'd tohavea ftupifying Effe& upon him.
At the fame Time were executed Robert Har-
pam, for counrerfeiting the Coih of this King-
dom;; William Sperry and Robert Sandford, for
the Highway.. One ef our Correfpondents, de-
figning to be witty on. the Occafion,: ferit us the
following Verfes ; | SO

Na fooner had Jonathan feap'd from the Boat,

_ But Blueskin efpy'd bim, and flew at bis Throat ;
All. Hell in an Uproar receiv’d this Alarm, — )
while Sandford and Sperry canght bold of bis Arm.

Ceafe, Blueskin, untimely Revenge to purfue,

ie hath fuffer'd already that Death which was due:
See the Wound in bis Forebead.-~His Neck o one Side.--
the barbarous Growd give him one e'er he dy'd:
Forgive hirn-at ‘length, forgive your old Friend,
Since the Thread of bis Life was a Rope in the End.
Then Jonathan, bleffing bimfelf, did reply,

Ev'ry Word he hath [poke is a damnable’ Lye ;

For this Wound in my Forebead, I'll make Affidavit,
(if Minos fs /etting) that I my felf gave it.

Then how came your Neck broke? the Devils cry'd all.
“§aith bey For my Neck, that was broke by a Fall.

~

--Wednefday a ‘Court of Admiralty was held at
thé Old-Baily, for the Trial of Offences commit-
red on the High Seas. There wete prefent on
the Bench Sir.Henry Penrice, Judge of the Ad-
iniralty, Mr. Juftice Tracy, Mr. Juftice Reynolds,
and feveral Doctors of the Civil Law, Bridftock
Weaver and William Ingram were firft try’d. and
fuund Guilty. Thefe two belong’d formerly to
Roberts’s. Crew, but feoarating from him, ina
Brigantine called the Good Fortune, whereof one
Anftis was made Captain, they tooka Dutch Ship
call’d the Morning Star, which Anftis then com’
manded, and Weayer was, for a little while,

\chofe Captain of the Brigantine. Anftis was af-

rerwards kill’d by his Crew, and che Ship far-
render'd up at Curaffo, Weaver's Ship was
forc’d afhore by a Manof War, at Tobago inthe
Weft-Indies, and feveral of them taken and hang’d

at Antegoa, but the above-mention’d, with feveral
others, got off.in a Sloop, ‘came home to England,
and funk the Veffel in Briftol Channel in Oto-

ber 13722. See the: Hiftory of the Pyrates.

| The ame Day, Een ” were try'd
feveral of the Pyrates belonging tg the Revenge,
formerly call’d the George Galley, who were
lately taken in the.Orkneys, and brought‘hither
by .the Greyhound Man o ‘War. They were in-
diéted upon feveral Murthers and Felonies com-
mitted on board the faid Ship, particularly in
killing-the farmer Captain, Surgeon, Chief Mate
and Super-Cargo, and Jolin
Captain, James . Williams Lieutenant, Daniel

Machall, Peter Bolrfon, John Peterfon, William:

Melvin,. Robert Winter, Jaines: Belvin and A-
lexander Rob, :were foiind Guil ty, and receiv’d

Seittice of Deach)++—William Warvey, Robert
Teague and Robelt Redd were ‘acquitted.

“* e 8
. so

ow, alias Smith

4

“Fhuinbs, and being “fill contumac;ous, was car-
ry'd to the Prefs-Yard, in order cto.be prefs’d ro
Death, but being at length prevail’d on, he came
back and pleaded. 7 . |

_ The Reverend Dr. Knight preaches before the
Houfe of Commons this Day, being the Anniver-
fary of the Happy Reftoration of King Charles
the Second. oe

_ {We hear that Sir John Vanbrug, Kr. hath fur-
render’d his Place of Clarencienx King at Arms,
and that Mr. Knox Ward, Son of John Ward, of:
Hackney, Efq; is like to fucceed him.——As alfo,

That Mr. Richard Grahame, Rouge Croix Pur-

fuivant at Arms, hath furrender’d the faid Office,
and that Mr. John Pomfret will fucceed him.
Three Vefiels were lately loft near Oporto,
one off of Villa de Conde, -oné off of Vigo, and
another on Oporto Bar, the Men and Mafter
being all that were faved. - to
On. Thurfday begun the Ceremony of creating
the 36 Knights of the Bath, at which attended all
the Kings, Heralds and Purfuivants ac Arms in
their particular Habits;. the Account of which
Ceremony. we have taken Notice of in one of our
former Papers. so
Deaths and Cafualues. The Countefs' of Cla-
rendon and Rochefter. Lady Stafford How-
ard, in ChiJdbed.——e—_=_M", Mum of the Band of
Penfioners, of the ill paring of his Toe-Nail. ——
Mr. Louis Cheron, a famous Painter, fuddenly----
Boftock, a Paftry-Cook, kill’d by his Wife
A. Woman found drown’d between Edger | and
Paddingtog, in a {mall fhallow Pond.—— An old

‘| Woman fell down dead with Bread and Cheefein

her Hand.

The Earl of M
30,0001. Fine. -

Thurfday came on the Ele@ion for a Phyfician
to the Hofpital of St. Bartholomew: ‘There was
amuch greater Appearance of Governors than was
ever known. ‘The laft Divifion was between Dr.
‘Tyfon and Dr. Barrowby, and the former carri-
ed ir. Mr. Freek was afterwards chofen Affi-
fant Surgeontothe Hofpital. =

Writs are iffued out for the chufing Members
for Brackly, jn thé Equity of Northampton, in
the Room of Paul Metheun, Ef ; who is made
Treafurer of the Houfhold ; and for Kn ghr. of
the Shire for the County of Rutland, in the Room
of the Hon. Lord Finch, made- Comptroller of
the Houfhold; and-alfo for a Member for the
Borough of Scarborough, in the Room of Sir
William Strickland, Barr. made a Lord of the
Treafury. : :

Fhere are confiderable Alterations among the
High Officers talk’d of, but as they are but talk’d
of, we fhall not venture to meddle with them til}
we have good Authority for it.

is fentene’d

in

To Morrow will be tavo ‘Charity Sermons preached at
St. Mary Stratford Bow, Middlefex ; that in the Mor-

Sinith theif’ Captain at fieft. refistd to pied,

Whereupon’ he’ was tortur'd, by ftringing of his —

Z

ning by the Reverend Dr. Warren, Rettor of the faid —

Pavify; and that in the Afternoon by the Reverend Mr.
Smith of St. Botolph Aldgate, for the Benefit of the Cha-
rity Children, who have no parochial Subfiftence, mor
any otber Income but the Charity of the wel] difpofed.
‘N. Bi Dy. Harren’s third Volume of. practical Dif-
courfes, on various’ Subjetts, proper fir alg Families
and private Ferfons,‘ 7s ‘juft publife'd, and fold by Ed-
mund Parker, BookfeHer, at the Bible and-Crown in
Lombard-Street ;- Some few of the. Doftor’s fap and
fecond Volumes remaining unfold, are to be had there.
Being in alt 52, Sermons, and are a compleat Sett for
thé whole Tear, . ) .
To Morrow alfo there will be #twd Chavr.ty Sermons
\preached aft the Cobegiate Church of St. Katherine's,
 ‘ . .

near the Tower of Lontlon, for. the. Benefit of the Charity

This Day i. publiflied (dedicated to.the Rt Hog. Lord Chigé

‘+ ‘“, . . a. 4 ry ry : H ~ a 7 ; _ 2 ’ mot te Fy) } ‘7 | et
bildren belonging ts that Precinét ;. that in the Mayning anale A true, authentick and mpatril Hiftory of the Life 7 Juice King) the ‘fegénd Edizien, o

ae over ice nd glorious Actions of the CZAx of MUSCOVY: From
hy-the Reverend Mr. -Nicholfon, Le&urer of St, Sepul- This birch torhis death. -. Coataining. I an exatt acconot ofhis. dcrofthe CZAR. “To,whjch 1s

man, Lefturer of Alderymanbury,

con{pirators. I[i. His wars with the turks, fwedes and p-

he x ujfian, Carcchifin, campofed, ane ublithed by Gr-

annexed, ‘a'fhori: Account of:

On ae seed'sa nen’ 1, My. jltitle,. aeicent, family.-and ine.” K His deteétion: ofthe ‘Che. Chuirch Government arid Ceremonies of the Mufocvites,
chres, and in the Afterivon ly. the Reoerend: My BeUS feveral plots tormed agiint him, ‘and his punithment of the adorn dé with Cutts. "Price rs. 6d. - Printed toy W. Meayows
3- at the. Angel in GornhitL’. Where may. be-had, jufs punifh-

f will be fome Time before. ave can oblige My. Hi. landers ; aad his fuccefstul. and uiparalleled conguefts over ed, for the Ute of Schools, Exercepta Mifcel'areg.ex Probes

| Sai ie. thofe people.‘ I'V.- His Travels into éurope,
B—dley. . It foall be done the firft Opportunity. peop is Lravels info curope

+

&e. forthe im- tidimis Linge Latin: Auctoribus, being a Calection from
provement of arts, fciences; military difcipline and naval'af- the befe Claiiicks.of eafy and ufetul: Pieces oe Lathe tote 3 .

ae 0 >. fairs. ‘mi | ays } : justs that Boys may ish the Purity-of the Latin T
South-Sea Stock is i22,‘one qr. India 164). fairs, more particularly to germany, - holland, and the courts oys. may begin with the Purity-of the Latin To

Bank 133; one qr. African 10, 3 8ths. ~ “‘|¥erum-home.- VI. His proceedings againft the Czarowitz his Fancies' and Judgr
uaa 333 q PAA TOs, 3 . fon, his ‘nomination: ofa fucceff>r, chis ficknefS, death and Hotchkis, A.M. ©

of ‘england and-franee.. V.- His remarkable fpcech- at" his which is fujged: to ‘their Capacities,-and will’ improve their
. bd ‘ h : j »
{ Judgments, for t cig nrit Compofitions, By Ly “

. . _jinterment, (The whole compiled from the Ruffian, High _~ men -H “ams to: In the
ADVERTISEMENTS. =: Jovtchand French languages ? Entlemen Have.large Sams to; lay ont In the Purchafe of

authorities. Printed tor A. Bettefworthin pater Nofcter Row,

__._ "This Day is publithed, G, Strahan; W.-Meatows in Cornhill, J. Stagg in Weft-

State-papsrs, and other.publick Annuities for Lie; of Places for Lif

; of Houfes’ ia

London,‘either Freebold, or upon hort Leafes 3; of a Hout

Pak Aferonomical Dialogues berween a Gentleman ahd a] mintrer Hunl!;. J. Graves in St ames’s Sticet; -& Chapman and Garvens in Herefordthire, or near the Thames. A Pef

dy, wherein the Do t
aR and the Elements of ASTRONOMY and GEO- i, St. martin's- lane; T. E

ith a Defcription of the famous Inftfument cail’d the Ol- f , wg
RERY, The lecond Edition. ‘By J: Harris, FL RS. Prin} TMs Day is publined, containing a particular Account of t
ted for John Horsieijd, at phe: Half-Moin in Sct. Paul's} , , ancient Order.of the ¥. 111 bts of t Chath. |. eyenn
Church-Yard. 9. . or om 7 ae A new. Dictionary of HES ALD -Y¥ i explaining the ‘to lend upon good‘ Securities in
*1-O be fold at the Coach and Horfes in Swan-Yard, over differant Verfions in' Latin. Containing ait the ieee Blas ‘Berry Street, St. James's
T againitt Somerfet Houfe in the Strand,’ a-four wheel'd zon, with ‘Leafons for the fam: the original Signitication of | 7 > zo ?
Chaife. Enquire at the Widow ‘Tilly’s, in Swan-Yard afore- | Ru vtings » and'a céncife Account o: the moft noted Orders of
faid, and you may know further. | a Knight nod that are or have beens and of Honours and Dig-

: This Day is publivhed, , nities, Ecclefiattical, Civil or Military. Mluftrated ‘with 156 Scr

*,* A: New JOURNEY through Greece; Egypt, Pale- | Devices on Copper.- The whole defigaed to mate that Science | Sub
ftine, Italy, Swifferland, Alfatia, and the Netherlan s. Wri:-
ten by a French Officer; who travell’d thofe Countrits in the slither, by Mr. James Coats, Printed for Jer. Bately at the
Years 1721, 1722 and. 1723. pow fir dong into Englith. Dove in Pater Nafjct Row. ce ae

j . t ve'in Pater ér Row. : wit ;
Puinted for J. Batley, a Ene 0 * ° Leétuarinn Mirabjle: Or, ttie Admirable Electuary,

fod Houle, with an
he . unbridge 4

Advertifement. of the sth laft fupposd to have mifcarti- Hecret Djfeafe, with more Eafe, tpeed and Safety than any | Printed for K. and

Mea eres y sof the in pail-mall, &. Fran ung Aa Covet Gardens J j Haring. Chiid of 6 Yeas old To be mit 4 Callege is.frot wot
err - dlin in the Strand, and J. Jackfoti | : Wi - inc -orithies A.
GRAPH’ are explain’d, in a pleafant, eafy and familiar Way. near St. James's Moufe, mice 5.7. ° good Bout Oe ee eave te ucks “A goed Houle. nent
Velis. An Eftate of 921,
* {A Capyhold Eftate in Middléfex. “A ferfon hasa large Sum

» 2 Yaar in Hampthiré,
Land or Houfes. Pionofalé

ymology, and te be fent to Mr Spencely, at Buiton’s Coffze-Houfe in
Boft patd. mo oS

sec f

- . Jult Publitn'd,

*~¢" A Commor,-Place Book'to the Holy Bible: O-, the

iptures Sufficiency practically demonttrated. - Wheicin the
ee ance of Se Ce re ie eting Doctrine, Worthin, and
amiliat. isn verre reer - , Wanners, ‘Is reduced to its proser - Weighty Cafes ate
familiar. Revifed and corrected, with a Letier.to the Pud |refalve d, "Truths confirm’d, and diffealt Texts filutrated and
explain’d. The Third Edition ; improv’d with twelve entir
additional Chapters ; many Errors in the former Edition; are
a a r amended, and the whole faith‘ully collated Text by Te
HE Lireétion which was defir’d by the Gentleman in an which infallibly. cures‘all Tegreés and Symptomis of the } together with proper Inftitions made ta coreét the Senfe:
T Boriwick, and K. Wilkin in Sr. Paul's

KES

ed; thisto inform him, that if he pleafes to direct for Mr.{ Medicine yet publithed; any old Bunning, &e. though of | Church Yard; J. Walthoc umask Ward intheTemple.: .£whom
y-

Mills to be lefe at Dicks Cotfec-houfe near the New Church | fevera! Years feanding,’ whether occafioned by-an over-f{train,
gn the Strand, it will come to hand. - | Weainefs of the Seminals, or the Relists of a former Infesti-

. : ‘m4 - , £0N, is. perfectly cured in a fhort Time, without a minute's
*}* ‘The Life of Jonathan. ‘ Aa trom his Pirth to his { Gon‘inemeat, Sulpicion, or the Ute of ‘Aftringents ; being a
Death; containing his Rife and Progrefs in Koguery, his;

‘ Medivine fo wondeértully pleaf*nt. and cafy in its Operation,
firft Acquaintance with Thieves, by what Arts te nade him-

that the niceft P alate, ar weikefr Confeution, may take it
‘ ae SEC eat Cae sg, With Delight : .Two Pots are generally cient to compleat
d or Governor, his Di{cipline over them, his: W060 U¢ 4 e :

Felt coed Breat Cunning ih governing. them, the feveral 2 Cure mn ae te qo be bad only o: rhe Author Dr. Cam,
Clatics of Thieves under his Command, «in which all his In- }2 8ttduate Phyfician, who has -publithed it.2° Years, and is

may be had the Cambridg= Concordance, sth Edit. coyrected, °

. x... Lately publitted, in Latin,

t*t Chriftianee Religions, five Ecclefize Anglicance Ag
cull 39, &c, being a large Commentary of the’ s9° Artici& ,
with proper Citations {rom the Greek and Latin Fathers, il?
lufcrating or contirming the fame; as alf from the tefc mo-
dem! Writers. To echer with Anfwers to. moft of the Obje-
Ctions hitherto mde againtt them. “ihe whale done in, a vee

or a: ‘is’d with at hi 1 ply Clear and confpic ious Method, andchiedy defgned fer the
trigues, Plots and Attifices are accounted for afd laid open, {ooMeantly to be advis’d with at his Houfe at the Golden Bal! Pp ’ y Gefig fh

' in: 2 of young Gentlemen at the
intermix’d with feveral diverting Stories. By Hl. D. late Glerk |1"4 pam, in: Bow Caurch-yard in Cheapfide, at half a Guinen YOUNES
' to Juftice 2---. Printed tor T. Warner at the Black-Boy in Pa- —_ : | . |
ter-nofter-row. Price one Shilling.: | ' Againk th VENEREAL DISEASE.
Hereas in mift’s weekly journal, on Saturdy the 20th of |*7* HE tamous Italian BOLUS, has fo gtéat Succefs in | Exc ge
February 1725, asalfo. in other papers o-'the fame date, 7 4. tye Cure af the Venereal -Difeate, -that not ane: of the fare aClivéred.
and fince, is advertisd a powder lately imparted, .-which in grent Numbers that dai'y take itmifs of a nerfect Cures and
every refpect filly anfwers the ufe of Coffee, and there being : though fo very cheap as 2$ 6d. each, yet four Polufies never
a larger demand than was expected, feveral perfons went -fail to raor aut and carry off the moft malignant, virulent,
without; care will be taken for the fir ure to. prevent the .and obftinate kind of rir: venereal Difeafe, without Confine-
like, a large parce: being jut arrived excceding fine and goo4, ment, or making your Cafe known to any 5 which, ifit fails
which may be tafted at the firft houfe on the letc hand in“ell } to do, the Money is teturned. This great Medicine likewife
Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill upone pair of Stairs, where any ; deftroys Mercury and carvies it out of the Body, and thereby
Quantity may be had at 2s. 6d. perpound. N. B. No lels| relieves thofe unterrunae Perfons ‘vho have fallen into bad
than one poundis fold; itwill anfwer without mixture of | Hands in former Cures. is ta be hat only at the Flaming
coffee, and hath been much approved on fince the Advertile- j Sword the corner of Ruffel-Street, over apainfc Will's Coffec
ment. “ee - | Havfe, Covent-Carden 3 and if fold at any other Place is Coun-
| Juft publifh’d, the 2d Edition, of _

’ terfeit. )

“x - of LONDON and WESTMINTE 2 ; or, | i ;
the"FOWN-SPY oF containing a diverting Account of ‘the y BENRY SO% Hing next Door fo the
Humours of the Halt Pay Gificcrs, and Ouality and thelr Taveen in Holbon, having, by 2 great |-
Sewants rest, james. Of the Eiugonots, &e, at St. Anne Cold, which fell isto my Eyes, loft my
Soho. A furprizing Story of a Mifer at St. Giles’s in the
Fields; with a Deicription of that_Parifh and Drury-Lane.
Remarkable P:aétices of the frith Society of Fortune Hun-
rers at St. Paul’s Covent Garden, reccommended to all Boarding,
Schools, &c. in Great Britain. Practices of the Company of
Upholders at St. Mary le Savoy... Of the Lawyers of St.
Clement Danes, and St. Dunftan's in the Weft Of the La-
dies at St. Andrew's Hoiborn. Of the Mercers of Ludgate
Parifh, andthe Weekly Journalifts of Black Friars. ‘Togethe1
with the different Cuftoms, &c. of the Inhabitants of moft of
the Parifhes in London. The refefit State_of Cuckoldoin,
and a Character of the City Wives. By 2 FOREIGNER.
Sold by T. Warner, at the Black Boy in Pater Nofter Row,

and by the Rookfe!jers af London and Weftminfter. Price
one Shilling.

a - "To be Lett at Midfummer next,

1070 1. teward {o~ the apprehen

N infillible ®.-medy
navfeous erm n calls BU!

Comfort, told me I wascurabie, and alfo did, under God, per- fly of *
form the fame in as there a Time as could be expected 3 an’
this I do for ho other Intent but for the Good and Benefit of
thofe who may meet with the like Afflittion: The faid Mrs.
Cater ftill lives in Caftle court, Birchin-lane, at the Sign of rhe
Hand and Eye. a

Note, She cures without, any Inftrument ;_and fhe infanibly
cures the Ague, without the leaft Grain-of Cortex, or that
they call the Jefuits Bark. Price ss. the Vial. No Letters
received except Poft paid.

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM, orthe Afthmatick Ju-
lep, which is known by matiy Years Experience’ to be a ne-
p ; ver paling Medicine in old obftinate Afthma’s, bole fifo. bad
illed 4m Hall, in the Parifh | cating Fit it puts off ina moment; it gives a perfect Relie
eer ine aC euret of Kent (within four mile jin ftraining laboridus Coughs that "are unmerciftlly trouble- | more
of Maidftan, and ten VF Panbridee Wells) containing een or fome night and morning:; ’tis‘a moft excellent Remedy for ons) but yet
| Floor ready furnifhed, with three Acres }
ofGardenng. all olanted with thé beft and choiceft Fruits, | Difficulty, ftraightnefs of .the Breaft, with hoarfénet 3
moft of the Gardening being walled in,,and planted with | wheefing. Nothing exceeds this admira le Julep, for by open-
beautiful Greens now in Perfection, together with convenient jing the bronchial Ducts and pneumonick’ Pafla es, it pene-
Stable and Coach-houfe Room, witha Barn for Hay and all

.

4. Tincture for the Nerves, b>
and never-failing Medicament i

Univerfity. By the laté Re-

vercnd Mr. < ord. Soild by J. Knapton at the Crown m Se.
Panl's Church-Ya'd, J. Brotherton at the Bible in Cornhill,
and j. Humfreys in Bartholomew-Lane, behind the} oval:
xchange ; at the laft of'which Places che Subferibers Booxs

Jutt publith’d cin ‘12m0 adorn'd bith Cuts) the ath’ Edi-

. , . tion ; aa
_¥,% BOSCOBEL; or, the compleat Hiftory af the mot
miraculous Prefervation. of King
of Worcefter; withthe feveral remarkable Particulirg of hi
Majelty’s Efcape ; and a tree-Copy of the Proclamation . oF

Charles IT. afcer the Battle

ding him, now firft added ; ag

lixewife iichard Pendrells Epitaph. Together with Cay
ftrum negale Referstum, or the King’s Concealment a

Trent. Pub'ithed by Mrs, Anne Wyndham ; and a Supple-
menr to the whole, giving a further Account of the Pr-
ceedings of the Kebei Par'tament, to the Keftoration. Price
«Ss. irinted for J! Wilfordin Little Britain. - © 9° °

proved by many to deftray thofe

IGS, (0 as

that they thall ne.

Sight, ‘infomuch that I did never exoect I fhould ever bre j ver return agzin: It isa Liquid mrenzéd by a Fore gner,
‘brought to fee again; but happily was advifed to make Ufe | that is no ways hurctal to Furniture, let it be ever fa'rieu?
of Mrs. Cater, who, not only at firft Sight, to my no fmal![ : bree aur Sottles cnres a ted ette*iually. ‘To be hagan:

. "1 1s Coffee-houf? on Livigite-hill, over againit thc
CAd-Beily, anos. 6 i, per Botth, with printed Dirsstion;,
More, [fancy Perfon -vitnin 10 Mifes o London is de‘iroust>
agreé ‘or the curing any Nuriber cf Feds, not under fix, let
him direct a Letter to William Howar!, at the aforefig
Coffee-houfe, Poft paid, and he thall be waited unor,. |

INCTURA NERVOSA |. RDIACA, or the Cordial

% "approved esvericons:4
n @nking, lansnith}is, ag

lowne’s of Spirits, Palpitation, or Trembling of ‘+ fearr, ia
all paralitick, {oporofe and convu'five Diftemners, ana: atl
Afflictions of the Head and Nerves; it in‘allib:y prevenis-he
ad Estects o* Cofee and Tea on the Nerves, which CCG ong
in moft People the above-mentioned Dijoriers (with moony
‘which you! fec at large in the Book of printed Dire- i-
i XC 1 y taking 2 few Drops of this moit Hleafane je.
fhoftnefs of Breath upon. any motion, and in prearhing with | ficate Cordial, in the hirft Dith of Coie or Tea, you thay ther
s andj drink at Liberty; for this great Medicine penetrates throug

the whole ne: vous Syftem, and fo recruits the Brain and Pro
7 corcia with a full Intinx of exulting Spirits, which perform ti.

tratesin the inmoft Receffes of the Lungs, and there mecting | fuGnefsof vital’ Function withfreih Al erity, acd

new Brisk-

other Conveniences, and fifteen or twenty Acres of very good | with tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Phlegm; fo attenuates, jneis; fo that the Pulft, which Jey feeble and. az ring, nov

aftnre and meadow Ground about the Honfe, and a greater
Quantity (if required) as alfo the Koyalty. of the Mannor,
and near three miles command of the- fifhing on the River
Medway, lying before the faid Seat, there being feveral- Fim
Ponds well ftored with Fifi, andno Houfe in the Coun
better fupplied with excellent Water. Engui reofthe Re
Mr. North at Weft-Farley aforefaid, or Mr Matth. Cocket at
the Goldén Ball in Dean Strect in Fetter Lane, and you may

and Lungs, when ftu |
fo prevents Confimptions, Ulcers of the Lungs, &c. Nore... Vomiting, puts off
It is a fafe and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken by fpoonti's, | and is now in great Efteem amon
according to the printed Diréctionis, without the leaft Confine- | Sold only at G. Strahan’s, Boo
ment, - or danger of catching Cold.” To be had: at Mr. George Cornhill, over againt the’ Royal
Strahan’s at the-Golden Ball over again the Royal ige, | Place, Price aed rs
Cornbill, and at no other Place, ° Price a8 Gade - ie Cs

. .
.

€-
e >

divides, ‘moves and Works it, that by coughing and fpitting it | falls a beating vigoroufly, and with gveac 2... umefs ; moe -
expectorates and throws up all fiich matter vith the greatcft | ever, it wonder‘ully difperfes Fear, Sacnef, confus'd Phoug; --
Eafe and Pleafnre, thereby cleanfng and freeing the Breaft ; Twitchings of the Legsand Arms, diftur5‘dSieep, and all the
ted upand cicgzed with aheavy Load,and difmal Train of ee pears and Melancholy. ‘{t Hkewife ftong,

caufeoufhel, procures a gund Appetiv2,

Quality of the firftt Rank:
uber, at tue Golden Ball in.
-Exchang:, ai: @f no othes

1 ‘. .
Mie!

 -  Advettifement to all thofe wao. uft Sheet-Lead. . -  . The: Princely LOTION. °°!
T is agreed by ail, if we Plumbers could caft Lead exactly W Hick beautiries the Fixe, OT TN nds to the -
equal to the thinneft Part of the Shecr, it would be better ' moft Perfection, and is in the greate(t Etteem amo att

and more durable than to be thicker in one Place than in ano-j| Ladies, &c, of the firft Quality: No Words ein finfficien
ther. fo that the Exccfs of Thicknefs is not only an uncceffary | exprefs its Virtues; for if is not Paint to put a falfe and ed
Charge paid for, buit it makes the Sheet worfe, by its ftrongery natural Glofs on the Skin, but a truc. Remedy, th2tb “its
refilting the Sun-iieams, which falling alike on all Places,| Ufe really adds a Luftre to the moft beautiful ” by ihewing

raws up the thinner Parts, when the ftronger ftays behind, ]j the fine Features of the Face, and: beautifying the Neck an

Juft publifh'd, the sth Edition of — ,
_*}* I, ESSAYS upon feveral Moral Subjects. In Tiree
Parts. Upon Pride Uuelling, General Kindnefs, the Weak~- ,
nefsof Human Reafon; on Mu‘%ck, the Value of Life, the
Spleen, Eagernefs of Defire, Friendthip, Popularity, a
Thought, of the Entertainment of Books, Envy, agynft
Defpair, of Covetoufnefs, Liberty, Old Age, Pleafure, of
Pain, Revenge, Authors, Power, Riches and Poverty.
Whoredom, DrunkennefS, Gaming, Solitude, Difcontent.
By premy Collier, A. M. _. ae
Tf. A fhore and eafy Method with the Deifts; wherein the
Truth of the Chriftian Religion 1s_ demonftrated by infallible
Proof from four Kules, which are incompatible to any-Impo-
fture that ever yet has been, or can poffibly be. To which is
added, a fecond Partto fhe Jews. _ , oo ;
III. DESIDERIUS; or, the Original Pilgrims; fhewirg
‘the moft compendious ‘Way to arrive at the-Love of God. by

-Laurence Howel, A. M.
All three printed for G. Strahan at the Golden Ball over

" againft the Royal Exchange in Cornhill. |

. T the HUNGARY WATER WARE-
HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Gomb,
a Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage-.
Inn’on Ludgate-Hill, is fold ent. French
Hungary Water, in large half Mint flint Bot-’
tles, being the fame Sort fold at the faid
th AEN |} Place feveral Years paft, or rather better, be-
[EeteGeeN! ing a frefh Parcel, and diftinguifhes it felf
from the pernicious counterfeit Sort fold about theTown ; firft,
‘by its fine Flavour; fecondly, by its turning Water as white as
Milk, and if you fet a Spoonful on Fire with a lighted Paper,
-§t will burn dry, whereas the counterfeit Sort has none of
thefe Qualities, by reafon the Materials in France are much
hetter than in thele Norther Climates: Moreover, the true
French is always at the fame Place, and no where elfe ; and the
Counterteit is firft put to one Shop to fell, but as foon as it 4s
found out, it isremoved, and fold at another, with a freth Ad-
vertifement, of a Parcal juft arrived from Montpelier.

Note, Beware of Counterfeits.

Te mot fevere RHEUMATISM, and all Rheumatick
Pains of the Limbs, &c. whether fix'd or wandering,
moft certainly cured, fo as not fo. return again 5 by incompa-
rable Chymic1l Drops, which without the leaft Trouble or
Diforder, entively frees the Patient from that cruel Difcafe in

and caufes that cockling and crackling.thereon, and isc2r-] Hands to the greateft Pertection, and i ufe

tainly fo muca worfe by what it varies from an Equality ; be taken inwardly. It infallibly kills Worms inthe re y
whereas if Milled Lead be butas thick as the thinneft Part| takes away Freckles, Spots; Wrinkles, Pits or Mars of “Tie
of a Caft Sheet, befides its Beauty and Smoothnefs, the Equa- | Small-Pox, andatturedly cures any Defects in the Face, giving:
lity and Solidity is fuficient to prove it much better than Catt | a charming, youthful Luftre, and fine Air to the Features ne
Lead; befides, there are Crack-b'ow Holes, and Sand Holes} Admiration. As for fuch Perfons as are of a {warth Ce 1
in Cait Lead, that often happen, and lie concealed with the plexion, or troubied with any difagreeable K ednefs, Rough.
Sheet not appearing on the Superficies. ‘The general Ufe the | nels, Morphew, Heats, or the like, it is not to be paralleled.
Mili’d Lead is applied to, plainly mhews Its Preterence to Caft | For it immediately {mootbs, clears, plumps, nourithes and
Lead, viz. his Majefty’s Royal Navy and Yards, and Green-{ whitens the Skin to tho laft Degree ; and makes tho p ,
wich Hofpital; all the fitty new Churches th t have been fons who before look'd hagged and old, to look young beau-
built are covered with Mill’d Lead, the Honourable Com- | tiful and fair; and, in fhort, it far exceeds any Thing that
miffioners not admitting a ‘Propofal of Caft. It would be} was ever yet reo ae or nade known, or made publick for:

y ?

endlefs to mention what Quantity of Mill'’d Lead is ufed on| clearing and beautifying the Skin. Is fold
the Houfes of the Nobilityand Gentry, as likewife on common Ward’s Toyihop at’ the Peacock next the Swan Tavern we
Buildings, &c. Note, John Fincher, Plumber in Swallow gainft the !\oyal Exchinge in Cornhill, London, at 35, 2

Street agiinft St. James's Church by the new Buildings, hath Battle, with rections.
N. 8. Mr. Ward, by my Order, gives good Allowance to

phere an entire Lead Mill fo himfelf, and felieth his Mili’d C cp Pd

cad mich, cheaper than others, as any one by fending or/ Country Shopkcepers, &e. that fend for it by the D ‘

may be fully fatisfied. ‘The Sizes are fro:n four Pound to five, and gives univerfal Satisfaction, Itis a late acquir'd Secret,
known to none but the Author thereof. ;

fix, feven, eight or nine per Foot Square, or any :urther

Thicknefs, it being caft an Inca thick, and five Foot wide : oo, wee : _

a Cart for that Purpofe: They alfo make Mould Water Pip:s, By, AY Account of the PLACE where the
= Nightingale, Swallow, Cuckow, Fieid-

fare, Woodcock, and other Birds of Paffage

after anew Method, ofall Sorts, andexcaange for Pig Lead,
Go and Kefide, when Abfent fom-us, (A

or old Lead. °
The ‘moft fure and ‘long exneriehced Anti-vencreal CO Vi- Curious Treatife.) Alfo the GOUT, ti
Weaknefs, and Secret Patient’s DIAKI RS.

POUND, or excellent fearching Electuary, the like of
which isnot to te met with, A
FOR the true Cure of freth CLAPS (and all the lurking a Being cach a Practical Journal from Dayta
. Kelicks or r emains of old ones) how virulent or obfti-| on GLEPT. ot Day ter ar crfon has the Secret Difeait,
nate foever they be; for it entire as it were, i iter teat ? ee :
reey O€ 5, or ¥,, and, as it were, inflantly |" Theg Books are all GIVEN GRATIS Up OnePair of Stairs
at the Celcbrated Anodyne NECKLACE, Recommended by

ferrets ont and carries off all the filthy poifonons In eétions,

wears avy the various Symptoms, and, by Degrees, c:canf{es : ye : ’ ;

off the Running, and-healsand ftrengthens the Parts fenfibly vr. Sten ia P Stop Te one’s Eloat At ye; Ba. At
fir. Jere 24- orn

bill, right over-againft the Royal-Exchange. And by R. Brad-

and tirmly, without the too common Confequences of lea-
ving either Foulaels, Gleeting or Weaknefsbehind. This it} roy (the Author’s Servant) againft Sutton-Street End |
s.ho Square. ae . me OF

a wonderful Manner ; for they immediately reftaye a due and | does is in a Way fo regular an gentle, toth by Stool ani U-

i Sarhanert apse the Fluids, ia the minutelt Fane's, by are and with a Dofe cach Tine, fo {mall and pleafant, (the

effectually attenuating and fibduing the fatal Lentor, or | Quantity but of a Nutmeg), that the niceft Perfons are a3] 4 SHO! infalli | : Stchi

vifeid Matier. that occaGons all the Mifchiefs, infomuch that | well furprized as delighted with it, and the more, cs it agr-es A HOR or feorbatiek cre ing ut whatoewer, chouge
Melly

all mannerof Pain, though never fo so‘ent, cr of many Years | with’ every «nes Conititucion, hinders no Bufinefs, nor gives
ftanding, prefently vinuhes, to the Admiration of all who } the leaft sufpicion to the neareft Relation. In a very fmall
haye taken them, who could not believe it in the Power of] Space of Time (living temperately) it rids away a mild CLAP;
Medicine to give fuch fudden, and almoft miraculous Eaie, | and thofe more fevere, according to their feveral Cegrees o
till hannily convineed byttheir own Experience. Hundreds} Malignity. There never was, or can be, inthe whote Art of
who had been miferably afflicted with the Rhenmatifm for] Phyfick contriv‘’d, any Medicine or Method, carpale of per-
many Yearstogether, and, a‘ter trying moft other Remedies, | forming the Cure more certainly, more fafely, or more fpec-
defpaired of being ever selieved, have been almoft inftantly | dily, for it is fo compleatly adjanted to every Circumftance of
cured by thefe moft excelent Drops, ena eat never fo the Infection, ani fo Fully anfwers the feveral Tnteations of
mich as once known fo fal. i hey are very agrecabie to take, | curing, that it is impoiible it fhould once ail. Butno more la -Mircels, a hat witht ty imagti-
and for Safety might be given toa fucking Infant without frid of ir. it will recommend it ff, and when it comes a tle. ele, and chat with the greatctt Eafe and Safety imagi-
Ineonvenience. Are fo'd only at J acob's Coffee-Houfe over- | to be throughly known, (as Its peculiar, and moft admirable | iy by Mr. Sanders, Haberdafher of Small Wares, at-the Blue
ngainit the Angel and Crown ‘Tavern in Threadneedle-ftreet, | ficcefsfiul Effects will by Degrees make it) no Perfon will] Ball in Wenchurch-Strect, n:ar Aldgate, at 38 a Box, with
behind the Royal Exchange, at 35. 6d. 2 Bottle, with | ever after feck for Cure himfelr, or advife his Friend to any | Direétions. an ;
Directions. | | aie Rpnett a) a 5S tite a pote ral ae t the Gol Ww RIGHT’'s Dinretick ‘eanfing Tint ‘
nn with Dire‘tinns) at Mr. Ifted’s, a Bookfelier, at the Gol- V s Dinretick, or c.eaniing 2im-_cure.
HY POCHONDRICK MELANCHOLY, . den Ball between St. Dunftan’$ Chnreh and Chancery-Lane Hich urlnally difcharges all the feeces or putrid relicks of
T ITH which fuch vaft Numbers of Perfons are fo mifera- End, in Fleet-Street, where it, may be had by any Meffen- |. the Lues Alamode, or Venercal Inte ‘tion, and caufes
bly offlidiei, being, for the moft Part, deemed an'ima-.| sey, asking only fora ss. Pot of the COMPOUND. ‘Note, | its Concommnitants, the wretched Train of that conplicated
ginary Difeafe, on only fancied inchs, n> Wonder that all rhs great Effic.icy of this Medicine, and its keeping, asitiwill, ' Diftemper, asa mucous, filthy, -danious Matter lojg’d inthe
emedies avpropriated for it on that rinciple, fhould prove} Time out of Mind, in any Climate, has incourag:d feveral | Reins, or fgermatick Parts, which either caufe a fharpnefsin
inefectual ; a violent Fever 1s not a more tea Diftemper than | Maftersof Shins, and other Seafaring People, to take Quan- | the Uline, or too trequently provokes 1t. This RKelick is
Hypochondrizck Melancholy 1s, which procesds as that does, | tities of it abroad, where they have fold it in fome Places; for ; difcoverable, partly by the fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a
from anill Stare of the Blood and Jace as hols only know more than three times its Price. Debility gr eee of the Backs a fretid naufeous, and
who being well acquainted wi e animal Oeconomy and | | ET averting Smell of the Urine, with a purwient Matter, or
Laws of Rrechanitm, are fenfible how much the intellectual A Certain Gure for founder d HO Nsly takes yan Pane feculent Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or flying in it, with
Faculties are affected by the good or bad Condition of the] 2. ey nith in their Feet, and a'l burning Heat and parchin Variety of Figures. Farther, this Tincture efpecially carries
Fiyids. On this Foundation the ineftimable exhilerating Eli- D: ial & HEL EE bee, ’ ane 8! of all Relicks of the Venereal Difeafe, after ill managed
‘ rynefs, fuppling and cooling them to Admiration, and cau-|. | : )
xir was adapted, and on very large Experience found truly | ¢o3 them to become kindly moift andcafy, andthe Hoof to Cures, not only cleanfing the Urinary Paffages of all Sand,
effcucious for the Cure of the Hypochondriack Diftafes, in all re naturally wide, fo asnot to pinch them ; making thofe Gravel, Films, or membraneous Pellicles, &c. but. after a
Sorts of Perfons, even in its higheft and moft grievons Oegree, Fories that before could fcarce ftand, or when they did, ftood fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, teftoring them, and
where nothing but Horror reigns, where Re-foning is inter- | Jit, an their four Feet crumpling up together, able to ftand | 2il their genital Parts, to their ov! inal Tone and Ufe, though
rupted or depravel, and where the Mind is confufed with ter- Ww th anid out freely and boldly, without the leaft Pain. Un- the Misfortune and Decay be of the longeft Date, with an e-
ies. and Defvondency, even to Di- | 20¢ t cely ¥> ? qual Succefs in each Sex. %o be had for 10s. per Bottle, with

ir be never fo bad or of never fo long ftanding, by a {pecifick
Electuary, particularly adapted for that Purpof-, and many
Years experiznced: Ic is the moft. wonderful Secret in -the
Worid for the Cure of that trouble{o»m> Diftemper, and the
Scurvy: For in two or three times taking, it certainly clean-
fes and redtifies the Blood and Juices to Admirazion, frees
them from all manner of Impurities, and abfolutely ftrikes at
the very Root of the Itch or other fcorbutick Breakings out
fo as infallibly to accomolifh a Cure in two or three Days,: to

nzed

rible Perturbations, Axictiet. eafinefs or Lamenef$: ‘Thofe that are buta little hot in their ? .
, . 4 . ireétions for its Ufe, only athis Houfe, the Golden Flead
fently fets upand recovers; and tnolk exceeding | and two Lamps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill. |

traction. Tes farprifing to fre how this Blix, by regulating Feet. it pre
the firit Digeltions, aot be dea, swihent of thofe deen bad, it effectually cures in a thort 'Time, making them as pzr- |
P Ann P eir Feet asever, asthe Author has TH moft confirmed Leprofy, and all leprous and’ other.

feétly firm and found in thei | ail
rienced. Is to be had only at W. fubbarn B:eakings out on the Skin, inveterate Itch, &c.
ar Parts only,. infal-

for many Years paft expe ‘ ; : :
Bell’s, a Rookfeller, at the Crofs-Keys and Bible in Corn-| whether of the whole Body, or in particu
hill, near Stocks-Market, at 3S. 6 d. a Glafs, with Directions. | libly cured ; by-an incomparable Electuary, which, after all
TEEL Spring or jointed Truffles for the Cure of the ufual Methods and Medicines, and even Salivations tried
Ruptures, eafy to new born Infants, and effe-| in vain, perfectly. eradicates thofe inveterate Maladies, though
SAtnal to the Aged; alfo Spring Truffes without | of many Years flanding, fo as néver TS Tent eee offibly
Steel Circumference, of an entire new Invention, | plifhing that in a few Days which no other Means can poffibly
extraordinary eafy as well as ufeful ; alfo Bag 'Truf- perform in many Months, and that with the Breatelt Safety
inking, fuch dreadini Mears an dark Ineumibrances, as be-| ding their Bignefé, and which Side the Rupture is, pily experienced by qrany. sein * ie compleatl caves al-
he Feet of thigineflimable Elixir in every Unea- ; clicns, r Bartlett, - 1 Ot. ' fh oti ty, i in]

nets Bind, is enrol, 15 ail who try it wall rit Chareh-¥ ants Cheapfide London, who alfo makes divers Inftru- Seabbinets, and mot ei ely.infallibiey as the) certainly be
affuredly find, It occafions no Manner of Ditorder, 18 picatane | Be fe <7 9t Golden-Ball over-| felves in three Days Time will affuredly find: Itisto te had
to take, a few Drops of itare a Doft, and: can be had o + His Mother, Mrs. M., Bartlet, at the half ain thi Baie only at Mr. Miles’s, a ‘Turner, at the Griffin, next the Bolt
at Mr. Radferd’s Toyfhop at the Rofe aid Grawn again St, sguinit St. Bride’s-Lane, in Fleet-Street, is kuru) $ BUlle Inn in Fieet-f et, atss.a Pot, fealed up with
see et “yy: e Strand, scar Anunde}Stieet " NCh& vo her own Sex. Her Steel Spring ffes for Ruptures at | and Tunn Inn in Fleet-Rreet, at 5s. 4 8” 7hp wee
Cleraent’s Chureh-Yard inthe Strand, scar AruncchStrseh the Navel, are exceedingly light, realy and-effectual.. . }Direétions. , OO

test

ae LONDON: Printed by N. asIST, in Great-Carter-Lant.

rain of chearful and ple ifurabe Tae
and black Thoughts, thot direcil Annrehenfions that fo te-

“nacioufly dwelt upon the Soul, eeusei the Underftanding,
and deftroy’d all Notion of ever recel lng Comfort again ; for

St occafions a Flow of undifturd'd Spirits, and caufes bright

Gleams of Joy to break in upon the Feart, andchace away

the whole Load of depreffed and meianeaoly Imaginations fo

effectually, that the Patients ieem faddtaly relieved, as it
were from Inchantment ; and now enjoying free and lively
Spirits, fteady, ferene and gay Thorghis, ftand as much am2-_
id he chained down to fuch'a difimal Way ox

.., - * +
ak

 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 29 May 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786075/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 