—_

= ) ~ SATURDAY, OCTOBER 2,

¥ thall this Week communicate to the World a
Letter, which, 1 believe, will give the Reader
-° as good Entertainment as any that I am able
to furnifh him with, and therefore fhall make

no Apology for it..

. MADAM, - )

. yex INCE I came home lat Night, I
could not fhun to refleét, that as a
a) “xf voluntary Retirement to ‘ {clitude
a @74 is attended with. the moft agreea-
; Nee ble Amufements, fo isa compcll’d
PRESEN Retreat accompany d with all the
gigantick Gorgons that fhock humane Naturc.—
Confinement, {pontaneous, or by Compulfion, is
one of the Offfpring of Pandora's Box: Should
an unhappy Man under this Situation ev'n exclaim
againft the divine Prefcience, or Goodnefs to us,
when he gave us a Free-Will, and did not pro-
‘vide againft the Curfe of being robb’d of our Li-
berty. What would rhe Opinion of the moft Or-
thodox be ? For my Part I fhould give ic for Him,
that he was no 4tke ff, and that they were as 1n-

to~
~

humane as the Detzls, who infli@ed on him the

‘Torture that extorred the Exclamation.
Madam, it is nor the Narrownefs of a Prifon
_ that makes Confinement irkfom, No? One quar-
ter of the World, if reftri&ed to it by Force or
Neceffity, cannot be fufficient to coniain the un-
limited Defires of the Sou? of Man, —— If the A/-
mighty Soveraign, when he gave Man Dominion o-
ver the whole Earth, had not given us Spirits near
a-Kin to Celeftial, the Command he beftow’d on
. as; had been thrown away, and not befitting the
Gift of the-Divinity. Therefore it was that he in-
dow'd rhe noble Creature, Man, with neceffary
 Paffions to make him worthy, of that Appellation,
Lord of the Univerfe.——-How much then mutt thefe
. fublime Faculties, thefe beroick Inclinations, of {ee-
ing at leaft, if not of commanding his Share in
the World, deprefs the Gifts of Nature, when a

generous, and otherwife undaunten’d Man, is con-_

fin'd to a narrow Corner, or whar ts ftill more hor-
rible, immur’d in a loathfome Prifon.

O Monftreus ! horrid ! and deplored FATE.
Deep buried in thefe melancholy Thoughts, I

caft my Eye on Balzac, that famous Author in -

the epiftolary Way, as well as in his other florid
» Performances.——I threw up at a venture, which
happen’d to be his. 41 Letter. —— What Withes
did henot infpireme with? Ah! had I liv’d in
his Time a hundred Years ago, even to have.been
tranfinigrated into his favourite Bologua shock; yea
I could have been contented with his Fever, A-
gue and Sciatica, to have fhar’d in his happy Re-
treat, which I keep your Ladyfhip too long from
-enjoying.——-As you.command the French intinite-
ly better than I can. pretend to, I defign’d to have
fent the Book, but that had _robb’d me of half
my Satisfa&tion by curtailing my Conremplation
in the Tranflation —It is.adrefs'd. a .
. @ Monfteuy de fa Motte-Aigron.
ee Day-was one of thefe that abftra&s the

Influence of the San, which you agreeably |

compar’d to rhe fair blind Miftrefs of Philip the
TId. on whom hé fo much dored. Judeed I never

entertained my felf with fuch Delight, and thu’ ;

I walked in an op.n Plain, which could be of no
other Service to Mankind than for a Field of
Battle, the natural Shade of. the Heavers from
all-around me, gave me no Inclination to envy

1725.

thofe who frequent the Groves and Forrefts. A
general Cyn reigned from the higheft czleftial
Arch, to the Surface of the Earth. The River
appeared fmooth asa Cake of Ice, and were
Ships to be furpriz’d-at Sea by fuch an eternal
Serenity, ‘twould be impofiible for them either

to fave themfelves from the Tranquillity of the

Element, or perith by the Waves. ,
This Defcription I give you to incite your re-

grating the lofs of fuch a happy Day, which you

could neyer enjoy to Ferfe&ion. in Town; and

that you may have-a ‘Curiofity to defcend fomc-

times from your Angoulefme, Where you live on a
parallel with opr Wfowers and Spires; thar you
may here enjoy tlie Pleafures of the ancient Kings
uf the old World,
Fountains, and fed upon what the Frees and
Herbs afforded. = ys
Our Situation is in a. little round Valley crown’d

about with Mountains, in whofe Bowels ftill re-
main fome Grains of that Gold which fram’d the

firft Age.—It is moft certain that fhould Fire be
kindled. in the four Quarters of France ; and a
hundre@Paces from henee the Earth fhould be
cover'd over with Troops: ‘Fhe Enemy’s Army,
by a common Confent, would give quarter to our
Village ;’ and the Spring, which opens Sieges and
the other warlike Enterprizes, and whofe Ap-

‘proach, has for thefe twelve Years, been lefs

with’d for, on Account of rhe change of the Sea-
fons, than for the pyblick Affairs, can never fhow
us any thing new, e&cept Violets and Rofés. '

Our People keep not their primitive Innocence
either by the reftraint of Laws, or, by the Study
of philofophick Wifdom ; their Morality pro-
ceeds from the Goodnefs of their natural Tem-
per; for the Purfuit of Vertue depends more upsn
not knowing Vice, than upon any true Ideas we
have of thePrecepts of Vertue. In this litrle
Kingdom of half a League extent, we have no
other Art of Deceit than in decoying the Birds and
-Bealts; and thé Court-Style is a Language as much
unknown tous as that of the Americans, or of the
Parts of the World ill undifcover'd.

What is’ hurtful to Health, or offenfive to’

Sight, is what never appear’d here ; we never faw
a Snake, nor Spider ; and of all the Reptiles, we
know none but Melons and Strawberries. ——I am

-not to picturé ro-you a Houle, whofe Magnificence

is fuperb as Fontainbleaxw ; nor whofe Materials are
fo precious as Marble or Porphyry.——I Content
my felf to tell you, that at the Entrance there is

-a Wood, which at Noon gives no more Rays than .

to diftinguifh Day from Night, and gives Light
enough to difcover that all Colours are not Black;
fo thac betwixe Light and Darknefs we have a Me-
dium, or third Kind, which weak Eyes can bear
the Glare of, and whereby painted Faces can hide
their Defe&s. . |
The Trees are green to the Roots, not by their
own Leaves only, but by Hedges raifed up, which

twine round them ; and tho’ they want Fruit, their”
Branches are loaden with Turtles and Pheafants |

all the Seafons of the Year. From thence I fally
out into a Meadow, where I tread upon Tulips
and Anemonies, which I had order’d to be mix’d
amongft rhe orher Flowers, out of Curiofiry, ro

fee if ‘che French could not come up to the Beauty .

of rhe other ones. —~ But the Height of our Sa-
tisfaG@iion therein is, that in it, and. throughout
my Dominions, all the World freely, and without

“Reftraint, make their innocent Addreffes: Ar,

' would otherwife debar them from.

G-drefs'd themfelves in rhe

_ Off-fpring Trouts and Pikes, who delérve :a ber= ~ -

nthe Monfersof ~:

ye
af.
_

(Num. 2

d

when I fee the Grafs flarted down. on one Side,

and the Pales out of Order onthe other, I’m afm

fur'd it did-nor happen by Wind or Tempeft, but

by the Intercourfe of fome S-vain with his Nymph.

. 7.
ae oof.
a
y4 ae ‘ ‘ °
‘ .
* «.*
naive,
a ‘

Then to whatever Part of this charming Soli-.

tude I direct my View, I find a River that merits
the Reputation of the ragus': In which the Beafts
that come to drink, defery the Heavens as clearl

as we do, and enjoy that Advuntage which Men
Furcher,

this beautiful Water loves its narrow, native Land

fo well, thar it divides it felf into a thoufand
Branches, which form an infinite Number of Ifles
and Meanders, to amufe it felf the longer before
it parts from its Beloved : And when ir departs

or glides into rhe Befom of the Nymph, -"tis-epe

ther to enrich the teeming Year, or leave’ us its

ter Fate than to he iningled wirl
the Sea, or the Crocodiles of the Nile, *-

The great Duke d” Efperron fouretumes retired |

here to change his Scenes of Delight, leaving be-

hind hini the Severity of awful Virtue, and that 2

~

Glory thac dazzled the World, te {olice himfelf *

Greatnefs.
by the bountiful Graces-of Heaven, of .."- 9 yo

have heard me incelfantlyfpeak ; afier he vad Io

fuch a Brother, thar had he made a Choice: he
could not find his Equat améug? Ven: Ryen fich
a Brother whom the Qucen her feif thought de-
ferving of her Tears. }

with Jefs rigid Qualities, aud’ a imore trasiguik- -
The Cardinal, who was fo much |

‘Vais Cardinal, I fay, came’

here in fearch of Comfort, and-received Conf

lation from. God, who loves Quiet, and't 1
his Abode in Solitude, v hee Contont aker up
found, and not in School Difquifitions, nox inthe
Hurry of the World, Co
I could adduce’many other Examples. t6 con-
vince you, that my earthly Paradice has been; in

all Ages, frequented. by illuftrious: Hermits - and

that the Tra&s of Princes, and the greareft Lords, '
are ftill recent on my Avenues: But one fhvitati- -

on for all muft_ferve, when I tell thar Virgil and

my felf expe& you: And if you make this Jour-

ney, attended with pour Mufe and Papers, we
fhall not have Occafi
Court-News, or the Difturbances in Germany.

Let me die if ever I fay any Thing comparable

to the Strength of your Genius ; and, in my O-
pinion, the worft Thought in the Work you was
pleas’d to fhew me, by far tranfcends all zhat the
Holanders have been yet capable of, if you'll al-

on to be enrertain’d ’ with.

low me to excepr the Vittories of the Prince of |

Orange. Tam notunfenfible that Ménfleur Je

Prefident de Thou, who was as great a-Judge of the

Latin Eloquence, as he was of the Merits and

Fortune of Men, hasa great Value fer that Peo-.

ple, and had left us a compleat Hiftory; iyould
he have abridge’d a lirtle. Burt, without Di-

vination, I muft acknowledge, I cannot under=

ftand what made him value Men, whofe Sent.”

ments differ’d {< very wide from his; who rever |
knew, and even never ftudied the Purity of the -

Roman Language, which you fo religioufly fearch
after with the moft dilige::: Exadtnefs. :

You will certainly fhow the. malian
monftration, thar-though we are call ge
Barbarians, after what Manner they he
guftine’s Days, and in the Ages more Ser
the prefent Corruption of Times. “aM

by De-_

$

oe
2?

H

 1725:

fides the Propriety of Words, and ‘the Purity of

the? Style Which brightens all that write, your
Thoughts are fo fublime, ‘and your Raafonings fo
forcible, rhat, in all Appearance, had the anci-
ent Romans-been happy in fuch a Citizen, their
Republick had ftill {ubfifted, and been vi&torious

over the World: Their Senate had conceived in

your Exprefhions, or fuch like, what Commands

they gave to Kings, and the Anfwers they ought
to have given to all Nations on Earth. ,
But more of this when you arrive where I impa-
tiently ‘expe& you; and inftead of the Flowers,
Fruits and Shades I prepare for you, you will, I
hope, bring all the rich Beauties of Art and
Nature.
From my Hermitage,
aubere you bave ho-
nour A me, 19 Aug.

Your Ladyfhip’s
moft devoted Servant,
Amicus Hone fins.

5 |

FOREIGN AFFATIRS.
They write from Paris, that the 25ch of Sept.

N. S. the four Princes of Bavaria went to Ver-

failles, to fee the Water-Works of that Place, and:
the next: Day they vifired thofe of Marli : What:

happen’d extraordinary hore was, that a certain
great Perfon who was appointed todo the Honours
of the Céurt zo thefe Princes, ftood at the Door
himfelf, and hinder’d all Perfons from coming in
to fee the Waters play, except the Princes before
named, and their Attendants, tho feveral Gentle-
men and Ladies went from Paris for that Put-

ofe.
it isa Liberty which was never refufed before,
and it has brought fome Reflections on the French
Civility. But the French, who have a Way

of giving Things a Turn in their own Favour, -

fay, that this is not to be imputed to the French,
for that Gentleman was fo long in Germany, that
he might forget his French Breeding.

We are alfo advifed, that the Ditchefs Dowa-
' ger of Orleans, and alfo the young Dutchefs,
came from Fontainblcau on the 27th, and the
next Day were follow’d by his Highnefs the Duke
of Orleans. It is reported they left the Court
not very well pleafed, there being fome Point of
Ceremony not fettled to their SatisfaGtion, peft the
particular Fad is not known. |

Several Couriers pafs and repafs from this
Court to the Minifters abroad; upon the Arrival
of one from Rome, a Rumour was fpread, that the
Mifunderftanding betwixt the Courts of France
and Spain is entirely made up by the Mediation
of acertain Perfon at Rome, but we are not told
in What Manner. On the 2oth paft, N.S. died
the Archbifhop of Aouft, much regretted by the
Poor, upon the Account of his extenfive Charities.

Dublin, Sept. 18. Laft Tuefday his Excellency
the Lord Carteret reviewed, in Deer-Park, the
Regiments of Horfe, Foor and Dragroons on Duty
here; they went threugh the whole Firing, and
made a very noble Appearance. His Excellency
was attended by moft of the Nobility and Gen-
try inthefe Parts. ‘The whole lafted about five
Hours ; a greater. Number of People affembled
than ever was known on the Jike Occafion, ex-

prefling a great Satisfa&tion at the Sight. For fix.

ours the City look’d as uninhabited ; and, nor-
withftanding the Concourfe of People, the wholc
was perform’d without any Difturbance. ‘
| Dublin, Sept. 22. Yeéfterday the Parliament of
Ireland met, and the Lord Lieutenant made a

long Speech to them, relating to the Affairs of |

‘thar Kingdom, which being already printed in
the Ddily Sournal of Thurfay. we refer
- ‘the Reader thereto; after which each Houfe Ad-
_ drefs'd both his Majefty and the Lord Licutenant
as ufual.—_—-Brigadiecr Munden, whohad a Regi-

.\ ment and feveral goad Places, dy’d here the 19th.

‘ . ry

This is the more taken Notice of, becaufe |

- Bdinburbb, Sept. 96. General Wade having |

fummoned the Highlanders on all Sides, to bring”
in their Arms, at the appointed Places, the

have accordingly comply‘d,— and befides thofe

formerly mentioned, feveral hundred are brought

in; fo that there are now. about 2009 taken.

from them only in the North, from whence the
General was preparing to go to other Parts.

Tirk, Sept. 27. One Day laft Week a. Gang
of Rogues were difcovered here, who, for fome
Tirse paft, had very much perplex’d the Inha-
bitants of this City, by robbing their Gardens and
Orchards of what Linnen was hung our to dry
or whiten: A Broker cxpofing fome fine Smocks
to Sale, which he had juft bought the Day be-
fore, they were challenged, upon which he na-
med his Chapman, and immediately he was ta-
ken, and with. him a good Quantity of Linnen,
and carry’d before the Lord Mayor dt Guildhall.
He appeared to be the Conftable of the Parith,
whofe Name its Robert Plaifter, a Shoemaker ;
and made.no Difhculty of impeaching his Confe-

derates, one of whichis a Maltfter, known by.

the Name of Long Will; the other one Stephen
Hi.ch, a Shoemaker, and fome others who have
made their Efcape. Mr. Conftable was very
free and open in his.Confeffion, cold his Lordfhip
he had followed the Employ four Years, in which
Time they had got a pretty deal of Money, by
fending their Gowds to be fold 40 or 50 Miles
off: He faid it was his Cuftom twice a Day to
walk up Old-Bail Hill, which being very high
within the’'Walls, over-looks a great Part of the

-Town, from whence he could view where his

Bufinels called him, and feldom came off empty.
Above a hundred Pounds worth of Linnen was
brought inro rhe Hall by his Information where

to go forir, which brought Abundance of Pgo-

ple ‘to feck for their own, who were every one.

bound by rhe Court.to ‘profecute the Prifoners at

the next Affizes. Only one Felun was of-
dered for Execution the laft Affizes, who was uh-
expectcdly repriev’d laft Saturday, as he was gd-
ing to meet his Fate at the Gallows, till the next
Affizes.

Northampion, Sept. 29. Sir Juftinian Ifam’s
eldeft Son is marry‘d to Mrs. Hatch, a Warwick-
fhire Lady of great Fortune. —
Dudley’s Lady was lately brought to Bed, and the
Child foon after overlaid by the Nurfe. . i”

Woburn in Bedfordfbire, Sept. 27. Laft Wednefday
a Baker’s Son of Warnden, & Quaker, was found
drown’d in a Pit ;- the Saturday after two Men of
this Place broke their Legs.

Nottingham, Sept. 25. Brigadier Sutton, and
Sir Robert Clifton, Kt. of the Bath, were lately
chofen Verdurers of the Foreft-of Sherwood. __

Hull, Sept. 27. Lord Curpeuter arrived here,
and review'd the Garrifon laff Friday.

Chelnsford, Sept. 30. Sir Charles
Weck review'd the Forces at this Town.

Chichefter, Sept. 25.
fiun, dy’d fuddenly laft Monday.

Briftol, Sept. 27. Yefterday about One the Crofs-
Road ‘Mail from Chefter to Briftol, was taken a-
way from the Poft-Boy, by two Highwaymen,
within a Mile of Pensford, who rede with it
through that Town. ‘There were in it the Bags
of Letters belonging to the feveral Towns follow-
ing, Chefler, Whitchuyrb, Shrewsbury, Bridgenorth,
Bewdley, Kedermin ter, Worce ter, ‘Tewsbury, Gloucefter,
Wooten-Underidge, and this City. .

Bath, Sept. 29. At the Races near this Place
Mr. How’s Horfe won the Lady’s 50 Guineas Plate.
--The D. and Dutchefs of Norfolk, John Hedworth,
Efq; D. and Durtchefs of Cleveland, lately arrived
here.---The Ear] of Effex gave laft Week a pri-
vate Ball.to the Dutchefs of Manchetter, and fe-

Sir William -

Wills Jatt
The Rev. Mr. Luff of Mer-

veral other Ladies,_in all nine Couple, at Lind-
fey’s———On. Saturday there was a fine Confort of
Matick, in the Organ-Loft at the Great Church,
of 13 Inftruments, among them were fome Men
of Quality well skill’d in rhat,Science.

By other Letters we learn, that Judge Powis is
recover'd ;
Cafhal has been ul of a Mortificu-ion in his Leg,
but.is now recover’d; the Dean of Kildare in
Ireland dead ; “Duke of Ancafter is indifpofed. —~
Marquifs of Carmarthen return’d from the Weft
to his Seat at Keeton ; Lord Gage gone to France ;

Duke of Grafton to Enfton in Suffolk ; Lord Hal-.

lifax to Newmarket; Ld. Harvey come from Bath.
: LONDON, Ofober2 . ,
One Thomas Spelman (or fome fuch. Name) li-
ving at Lisbon, but of this Town’s Breed, be-
ing fufpetted of robbing the Exchequer, one Mr.
Butler, went over thither, and procured him to
be fetz’d by virtue of a Warrant from the Con-
fervador, under Pretence of his being a Deferter
from the Sea Service aboard the Lime, under my
Lord Vere, and carry’d him on Board that Ship ;

‘but the Magiftrate finding our the Trick, clapt

up Mr. Butler as foonas he return’d on Shore,
and made a Demand of the Prifoner; bur Spel-
man was, notwithftanding, put on Board the Ha-

nover Pacquet, Caprain Osborn, and brought to’
Falmouth, in the Goal of which Town he now:

lics, being committed rhere by che Mayor of
that Corporation. He denies that he knows any
thing of the Robbery above-mentioned ; and
fays, he can bring undoubred Evidence of his not
having been in any Part of Great Britain for two
Years palt. , |

A Porter being fert by Mr. Mifley in Alder{f-
gate, with a Box of valuable Cloaths, he over-
took the Porter in the Street in going to a Ta-
vern, and as he pafs’d by, faid aloud, 0, take

Care of the Box: Three Sharpers hearing that, —
one follow’d Mr. Maffey, and the others the Por--

ter, till learning the Mafter’s Name, he came
after the Porter, in a feeming hurry juft as he
got to the Door where the Box was to be deli-
vered, and calls ont, 40, Mr. Atiffey wants’ you
this Moment at the Bufo Tavern, Cime along. Says
another ftanding at the Door, as if hz belonged
to the Houle, You m.ty co, I'l take Care of the Box,

which "tis fuppofed he did, for Yo never heard
{ any more of it. | | |
The Beginning of this Week, as they. were

making « Sluiec in the Bank of the River be-
tween Greenwich and the Magazine, the Work-
men not having icin f garde the Works,
the Tide, at High-Water% broke upon them, and
had like to lay the Marfies between Greenwich
and Woolwich under W:..er; but Sir Gregor

Page fending in his Workmen co the Affiftance
of thofe imploy’d there, and others joining them,

making inall about 400 Men, and working upon’
it all Night and the next Day, they made up the
Breach, and prevented the ill Confequences that
were feared. |

Deaths and Cafualties fince our laft. ~ The Lady
Shuckburgh, Reliét of Sir Charles, and Daughter
of Lord Willoughby de Broke. Martin,
Efq; long time a Juftice of the Peace for Weft-
minfter. The Wife of John Rich, Efq;
Mafter of the New Play-Houfe, - =. Mr. Gai-
gull a Turkey Merchant. Mr. Warren,
Clerk of the Briftol Road. —~ A Barber hang’d
himfelf on Dowgate-Hill. A Boy burnt to
Death by his Cloaths taking fire going along the

Street, by lighted Spirits thrown out of a Houfe.

Sir Francis Forbes is eleS&tcd Lord Mayor of
London. oe _ :

In the late high Winds two Ships in the River
were fo damaged that théy are rendered ‘unfer-

Judge Tracey is better ; - Bifhop ef ;
 a

viceable ; three Ships loft on the back of the Ifle
of White; a’ Ibu:ch Eaft-India Man Joft on the
Roci.s in. Viymourh Harbour, a finall Collier loft
near Dover. Fiarbour; and feveral other leffer Da-
mages’ abcut tlic ‘oak a

“South-Sea Stock is 1207 thalf. Bank 133, -1
Sth. India 166. African 16 x Sth. ,

ADVERTISEMENTS...

HE Powder which hrs met with fiich a general Appre-
bation from Multitudes of People, anfwering in all
Refpects fully the Ufe of Coffee, having had a very large
_ Demand, the Quantity then imported not being fufficient
to anfwver the great Call, fo that many Cuftomers could not
be fuppliei, Care is taken that none for the future be
d‘fappointed, @ large Parcel being juft arrived exceeding
fine, ond right flavoured ; to be had at the firft Houle on
the lefc Hand in Bell Savage-Yard_ on Ludgate-Hill, made
up 'n quarter, half, or whole Pounds, at zs. 6d. per Pound.
Its Quality is extraordinary, and needs no. Mixture, being
drank entire, and anproved by the moft judicious: It adits
to he heft, and makes that which has loft its Flavour per-
fectly fiefh. ,

E:T tn the Grounds of Robert Morley, at the Royal
Oak at Vaus-'all, about che middie of June laft, a
black Fforfe, about 14 Hands and a half high, wich a Star
in his Forehead, and a litel: white behind his Ears: If the
Perfon who lefc the fiid 'Torfe, wi!l came and pay the Char-
es betwixt this and the 2:d of this Infant Oétober, may
ve him, ifnot, the aforcf:id Horfe will be apprais’d and
foid, as th: Law direéts, aan ;
WHEREAS feveral Pavers, writ in foreig Language,
wrapt inafma!l Parchment Dranght of the Baltick,
being loft in St. Paul's Church-Yard, on or about the 12th
of Aoril laft. This is to give Notice, that whoever will
jeave the fhid Papers at the Sun Favern by Crippl-gate,
with Daniel Chidley, thall have half a Guinea Reward and
no Queftions ask’d, the faid Papers being of no manner of
Ufeto any Body but the Owner.
Juft publith’d, the ¢th Edition of ;
-*t* T. ESSAYS won feveral Moral Subjetts. In Three
Pirts Upon Pride, (uelling, Gencral Kindnefs, the Weak-
nefs of Human Reafon; on Muck, the Value of Life, the
Spleen, Eagernefs of Defire, Friendthip, Popularity; a
Thought, of the Entertairiment of Rooks, Envy, againit
Defpair, of Covetoufacts, Liberty, Oid Age, Pleaftirre, af
Pain, Revenge, Authors, Power, Riches and Poverty.
Whoredom, Drunkennc&, Gaming, Solitude, Difcontent.
By yeremy Collier, A. M. .
It. A Short and eafy Method with the Deifts; wherein the
‘Trmth of the Chriftian

armen ann ~—-

Religion is demonftrated by infallible
Proof from four Rules, which are incompatible to any Im Q-
fture that ever yet has been, or can poffibly be. To which is
added, a fecond Part to the Jews, _ . oo. .

Oil, DESIDERIUS ; or, the Original Pilgrims; fhewi-g
phe moft compendious Way to arrive at the Love of God. By

aurence Howel, A. M.

All three printed for G, Strahan at the Golden Ball over-

- againft the Royal Exchange in Cornhiil.-

This Day is publithed, for Sept. being the ninth,
*,* New Memoirs of Literature, or an Acconnt of new
Books printed both at home and abroad, with Differtations
upon feveral Subjects, mifcellancous Obfervations, &c. by

\ ‘the Author of the former Memoirs. N. B. Thefe Memoits

“Will, forthe future, be publithed in the firft Week in every

Month, 8vo. Pricers. each Printed for William and

Ennys at the Weft-En:i of St. Paul's.

, - Where may-be had, -
A. complete Sctt of Philofophical Tranfaétions, from 166s
to 1725, 'n 32 Volumes ato. N. B. There are 387 Numbers,
moft of which may be hid feparate. |

OX E Thomas Wooiman a Joiner, went from his Father
\J on the r6th of September aft, a litt'e tronbledin Mind,
from Barnet, above five Foot and 2 half high, and about 18
Years of Age, dark Kye brows, and a brown Complexion,
in a Cinamon Coat and Waftecoat, anda Buck Skin pair of
. Breeches, and a rufty Hat and Wig: Whoever finds him is
defired totake Care of him, und they fhall have five Guineas
Reward, and all Charges paid, and brings himto his Mother

in Carteret-Strcet, Weftminfter, near the :'road Way.
T? be fold at the Black-Lyon in White-Hart-Yard, near
Drury-Lane, London, a frefh Parcel of the fineft of Ca-
nary Birds lately brought from High Germany. Likewife
. French and Englith Cana:y: Birds, the fincft of Colours ;
Scarlet Nightingales, Paroketes, a fine mocking Bird that
fings Variety of Notes, and very fine Parrots for firging and
talking as ever was heard, anda Linnet that fings, Canary
‘Titlark, Red Bird fings. te
Otwithtanding the various Advertifements “from -the
Tallow-Chandlers in Spittle-iels, who have in a fitti-
cious Way ftiled. their Dwellings Candie Warehoults. This
is to certify the Publick, that they may be furnifthed with
all forts of the beft Tallow Candles, at 5s. 4d. per Dozen,
which is as cheapas in Snittte-Fields, and a much better Com-
modity by the ‘Tallow-Chandiers in White-Chappie,
N. B. The Money to be paid at the Shop. ~ ‘
HEREAS on Thurfiay the soth of Sept. laft in the
¥V Night, a Counting-Honfe belonging to Mr. James
Kelham, at the Hand and Apple, Three Cranes, was broke
open, and, among other Things, a Day-Book was loft; who-
evar can give Notice thereof, that the faid Book may be had
agam, thall have two Guincas Reward, and nd Queftions
atk'd, being of no Ufc but to the Owner.

a 7 a

\.

» © Kage

John —

. For the Benefi€ of thofe whoare afflicted with the DROPSY.

Ugutt 2, 1725, about 3 Years paft a Gentleman reading in
the Advertifements of the many and great Cures of the

DROPSY perform'd by Mrs. KNELL of Midule- treet

Cloath-Fair, néar Weft{mithfield; the Gentleman enguit’d

of feveral whom the had cur‘d, and ftund the fame to betrue;
he having the faid Diltemper, apply’d to her, and fhe, un-
der Goi, made a wonderful Cure on him in alittle Time. En-.
quire at the Horfe-Ferry, in Great Chelfea, of Mr. JOHN
GUILFOKD, and you may be fatisfy'd o7 the Truth hereot.
. The two following remaikabic Cures were aifo very lately. -
perforni’d by the faid Mts. KNELL, viz. .
[. Thomas Barron, Si'k-Dyer, of Black Swan-Alley, near
Queen-Hithe, Thames-Stiect,, who, atter.a great FExpence in
. trying other « emedies, tu no Purpote, received a perfe:t Cure.
If. John Stokes, of Laab-Lane, in Church-Street, Green-
Wich, reco:nmended by a Perfon of the fame Town, who was
cur'd by the faid excellent Remedy, which is te be had only
at the Blace aforcfaid.—~N.B. The dangereus Condition
thefe two Perfons were in, they and feveral of their Neigh-
bours are ready to atteft.
: Tobe Lett,
A Co%ee-Houfe with good Conveniencies, in a pleafant
. Air, not far trom London: Inqu're at Mr. Phiilpott's
Office,in Dean's Court, near Doctors Comunons,
N. B. Géntlemen and Metehants may hear of Clarks or ~
Book-keepers, giving good Security.
_. Sept. 25, 1725.
OST out of a Smack at Billingfgate, Mr. John Lane
44 Matter, a Basket wherein was two Pocket’ Books, anc
two Bills of Sule, one of a Smack, and one of a Sloop, and
a Bond, and other Writings in it, and two Shirts, one Waf-
coat, and two Handkerchicis, and two pair of Stock ngs and
a Knire; bring them to Mr. E:ward Nettle‘old’s, Oytter-
Mecter, at the Fithmonger’s Arms in Love-Lane, near Bil-
lingfgace, and they fhall have half a Guinea Rewar., and no
Queitions ask ‘d. 7
This Day is publified, No 16. (for the Month of Septemb )
of a Work, entituled |

*," Modern Hiftory ; or, ‘The Prefent State of all Na-
tions, detcriving their refpettive Situations, Perfons, Ha-
bits, Buildings, Manners, Laws and Cuftoms, Religion and
Policy, Arts and Sciences, Trades, Manufactures and Hus-
bandry, Plants, Animals and Minerals. By Mr. Salmon.
To te continued Monthly in Pamphlets, till the whole is
finifhe]. Price One Shilling.

Printed for James Crokatt at the G Iden Key near the
inner Tempic-Gate in Fleet-Street ; where may be had, ail
the prececding Numbers, witn the Cutts and Maps curionfly
drawn. By Mr. Moll. -

This Day is publifhed, in two neat pocket Volumes, adorn’d
with eight Copper Plates, -

*,.* Chinefe Tales ; or, the wonderful Adventures of the
Madarine FUM-HO AM, m 46 Entertainments. Tranflz-
ted trom the French of Monfienr Gueullette. To which is
added, An Introduction to the Doctrine of Trantmigration
of Souls, Printed for J. Brotherton and W. Meadows in
Cornhill, and fold by A. Bettefwor h in Pater-Nofter-Row,
D. Brown without Temple-Bar, J. Stagg in Welmintter:

. Hall, and §. Chapman in Pult-Mall.
This Day is publimhed, :

*,* An Effay on the Tranfinutation of Blood, containing
the /Etiology ; or an Account of the immediate Caufe ot pu-
trid Fevers or Agues; as alfo Obfervations upon the noble
Specifick CORTHKX PERUVIANUS, Printed for A. Bet-
tefworth in Pater-Nofter-Row. Pricer s. _

Where alfo may be had, juft publifhed,

1. An Examination of the Notion of moral Good and F-

vil, advanced in a tate Book, entituled, The RELIGION

of NATURE delineated. By john Clark, Mafter of the
pubdlick Grammar School in Hull. Price rs. _

IT. Vida's Art of Poetry tranflatedinto Englith. By Chri-
Ropher Pitt, Mi. A. late Fellow of New-College, Oxford.

rice 2s.

HEREAS I Elizabeth Juttice, lodging at Mr. Cte-
ment’s near the Watch-Houle in Well-Clofe-Square-
Wapping, have been many Years, every Spring and Fall‘
afflicted with a fore Leg, ana particularly this laft Year, fo
grievonfly tormented therewith, that ‘twas the Opinion of
the moft ableft Phyficians, and. Surgeons, that the fame was
incura.le, and onght to he cut off to prevent Mortificiti-
on: This is theretore to fitisty the World, that having
heard of the Fame of Dr. Atton’s Excel’ent Stiptick, I am
by the Blelfing of God and the Ufe thereof pe ectly reco-
| ver'd, which the Charity I owe tamy Neighbours, and the
Juftice due to this Excellent Remedy obliges me to publim
to the World. . E. JUSTICE.

THE beft; Water in the World, fo call'd by thofe who have
experienced it to be fo for the Itch, or any itching Hu-
mours, It hath heen taken inwardly for the King’s-Evil. It
is good to cure fore Eyes, or any other Sores, Ulcers, or Fi-
itulas; it has preferved feveralfrom having their Limbs cuit off,
when all other Means have failed. Sold by the Perfon that
makes it, at the Sign of the Green Canifter next to che Dog
and Bear Inn at London Wall near Little Moregat ¢,, who is
the Original and only Perfon that can make it. Soldby Mr.
Gouge at the Caftle in Weftminer-Hall, Mr. Radford's
Toythop at the Rofe and Crown over-againft St. Clement's
Church- Yard in the Strand near Arundel-ftreet, Mr. Raw'sat
the North Entrance of the Royal-Exchange, ovcr-againft Bar-.
tholomew-Lanc, Mr. Stewart Bowyer, Bookf:ller, under Ald-
gate Church over-againft the Minories, Mr. Fan, Brufhmaker
un St. Mary Ax. N.B. Ithasno Smell. Price 1s. 6d. each
Battle, with printed Dire‘tions how to ufe ir. What is fold
elfewhere cannot be depended on, being counterfeited.

s

0g a any TF
aa - af tte
4 « !

fecret Difeafe,. with more Eaf

cconftantly to be advis'd with at his Houft at

_ where to apply tor Cure, as

- Vomiting,

SIMS TT ET aR OER IIT LOS MIE
: N . . ca “a ae « *. . r ¢ - fea ere
~~ £ . * .

a

a ae a i "yg ae 3 cat ‘om ~ oF ae yocs
Preparing for the Prefs; atid willbe printed with alt
” : convenient Spced, en,
.*,* A NEW SYSTEM of AGRICULTURE, being
a compleat Body of HUSBANDRY and GARDENING,
in all the Parts thereof, viz, Husbandry,. the Fruit Garden
the Kitchen Garden, and the Flower Garden: Containing alk
the beft and latett, as well as many new Improvements, ac-
ceptable and ufeml to the Musbandman, Grazier, Planter,
Garcener and Florit: Wherein are interfpers'd many curi-,
ous Obfervations on Vegetation, and particularly on the
Sifphium of the Antients. The whole phi‘ofophical «and
tactical. By JOHN LAWRENCE, M. A. Reétor of
ithop-Weremouth.  _ st .
_ If any Gentleman will be pleafed to contribute to fo ufe-
ful an Undertaking, by communicating any Thing on the
abovemention’d Subjects, and will fend it to THO. WoOoOD-
WARD at the Half-Mo-n over againft St: Dunttan’s Church
in Fleet-Street, the Favour fhall be thankfully: acknow-
lecged. .. Of whom may be had, late!y publifhed, ;
Il. Mr. Switzer’s practical Fruit Gardener, recommended
by Mr. LAWRENCE and Mr. BRADLEY. a
Il. Mr. Bradley's Monthly Treatifes of Husbandry and
Gardening, in 3 Vols. 8vo, . ,
If. Myr. Fairchild’s City Gardener. Price x3

FLecctuarium _Mirabile: Or, the Admirable Ele¢tuary,
« Whtcn intatlibly cures all Legrees and Symptoms o* the
e, Speed and Satety, than any;
3 any old Running, &c. though of
{cveral Years {tanding, whether occafioned by an over-{train
We:knels of the Seminall, or the Relists of 2 former Intecti-
on, is certainly cur’d in a fhort Time, without a Mintate’s
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ule of Aftringents; being a
Medicine fo wonderfully pleafant and eafy in its Operation
that the niccft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may take if
with Delight: Two Pots are generally fufficient to compteat
2 Cure in moft Cates, ‘To de nad only of the Author Dr. Cam
a Graduate Phyfician, who has publithed it 26 Yeats, and is
the Golden-Bal}
at halfa Guinea

Medicine yet publithed

and Lam
the Pot.”

; I Elizabeth Myers, Wife of William
Myeis, Weaver, living in one of the
ten Foules in Coverley’s Fivlds in Mile
End New Town, having the Mistortune
to havea Piee> of Mortar fall into my lett Eve, which oc-
cafioned great Pain and Anguimh, (notwithftanding we ufed
fuch Means as we were advifed was proper for the {2me) the
faid left Eye became quite Blind, the Sight thereof being
wholly loft, and without any Hopes of ever recovering the
fame ; but_being by a Friend directed to Mrs. Cater in Ca
ftle-Court, Birchin-Lane, Cornhill, fhe, at firft Sight, promi-
fed, under God, to bring me-to my Sight agiin, and did per-
form the fame in as fhort a Time as could be &ed ;
and this I do that Perfons in my late Condition may know

well as a grateful Acknowledg-
ment for {> great a Cure.

Note, She cures without any Inftrument; and the infallibly —
cures the Ague, withoue the leaf Grain of Cortex, or that
they cal] the Jefuits Bark. Price 5s. the Vial.. No Letters
received except Poft paid. :

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Ju
J lep, which is known by many Years Ex erience to be a ne-.
ver fuiling Medicine in old obftinate Afthma’s, whete fuffo-
cating Fit. it puts off in a Moment ; it gives a pertecst Relief
in {training laborious Coughs,
fome Night and Morning ; ’tisa moft

that are unmercitully trouble-

r excellent Remedy for

Shortnefs of Breath upon any Motion, and in Breathi with

Difficulty, Straightnefs of the Breaft, with Hoarfonefs and

Wheezing. Nothing exceeds this admirable Julep, for by open-

ing the Brouchial Dué¢ts and Pruumonick Paffages; it pene-

tr. tes in the inmoft Recefles of the Lungs, and there meeting
wi h tough, thick, cold, clammy, flim

div ides, moves and

y Phlegm, fo attennates,
enpectorates and throws up all fiach Matter

in Bow-Church-Yard in Cieapfide,

Works it, that by coughing and {pitting, it
With the greateft

_ Eafe and Pleafire, thereby cleanfing and freeing the Rreaft

and Lungs, when ftuffed up and clogged with a heavy Load. a

fo prevents Confiumptions, Ulcersof the Lungs, Re Note,
It isa fate and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken by Spoonfils,
according to the printed Cireétions, without the feat Confine-
ment, or Danger of catching Cold. To be hadat Mr. George
Strahan’s at the Golden-Ball over-againft the Royal-Exchangpe,
Cornhill, and at no other Place. , Price 2s. 6d. )

TiNcpuRA NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordial
‘Tincture for the Nerves, being an approved, expérienced
and never-failing Medicament in finking, languifhing, and
lownefs of Spirits, Palpitation, or Trembling of the Heart, in
all paralitick, foporofe and convuifive Diftempers, and in all
AMictions ot the Head and Nerves ; it infallibly prevents the
bad Effects of Coffee and Tea on the Nerves. which océafions
in moft People the above-mentioned Diforders (with many
more, which you'l {ée at large in the Book of printed Direé}-
ons) but yet by taking a few Drops of this moft pleafant dg.
licute Cordial, in the tirft Dith af Coffee ot Tea; you nay then
drink at i iberty; for this great Medicine penetrates through
the whole ne: vous Syftem, and fo recruits the Brain and Pre-
erdia with a full Indnx of exulting Spirits, which perform the
Rufinefs of viral Function with freth Alacrity, and new Brisk-
nes; fo that tie Pulfe, which lay fecble and wavering, now
falis a heating vigoroully, and with great Exa¢tnes; more-
ever, it wonder'ully difperfes Fear, Sadne&s, confus'd Though ;
Twitchings of the Legsand Arms, difturb‘d Sleep, and all the
difnal ‘Train of Vapours and Melancholy. It likewife ftops
pitts off Naufeoufhels, procures a good Appetite,
and is now in great Efteem amongtt Quality of the firft Rank.
Sold anly at G. Strahan’s, Booxfeller, at the Golden Ball in
Comhill, over againtt the Royal-Exchange, and at we other
Cas, 64. ° N “

ra

 ey

Mr. Mitt, : "tw 8 . -
hrHO’ Lam a Footman! amavery pretty Fellow, not of
atawny Complexion, but clear sKinn'd : M Hand is
not like a Curricomb as others are, Who work hard 3.andha-
ving feen many Ups and Dawns, Rubs and Smooths, in the
Wortd, do refolve/and believe, I have Impudence ‘enough to..
court fome Lord's or Duke’s Daughter; - queftion not fiie-
ceeding, knowing my Affiftants in fuch an Affair will be as
clear of the Laws hurting them, as thofe who. affifted -the
Weft-India Bite.: As to my Parentage, though [ ant a
Footman I am not defcended trom the Scum-of the Earth, °
‘my Father being an honef! Farmer.in Ireland: My Af
fiftants in this Biece of Impudence, if it Mould ever fhe-
cecd, will be efteemed Perfons of ‘Worth and Reputati-
on, efpecially if they fhould -be indi¢ted, . though they

are Rag-Tag and Bob-Tail, and:be thought witty. { think
to borrow a Gold Watch and fine Cloaths df my Maiter,
or hire them in Rag-Fair, or Monmouth-Street ; get three
Footrien to attend me, go in my Chaife to vific a Lord's.
Daughter I have in my Eye, bear the Name of fome great
-Perfon abroad, of a.vaft Eftate, and never fear, if a Codk-
Maidcan get an ’Squire, I can get a Lord’s Daughter; I
being of a very grateful Temper, wi!l not be ungratcful
to thofe that ferve me, and queftion not an Irifh Bite will
‘get as. much. Applaufe and have as much Succefs asa, Bar-
badocs Bite. If any fine Fault with my Prescedings, I va-
lue it not, for what is Sauce for a Gooft is Sauce for a Gan-
der. As I fucceed, I fhall inform you, that am oo
| Your humble Servant,

, WILLIAM TEAGUE.
The following PRINTS are fo'd by J. Wilford in Little- )

tit I. A very neat and beautiful Effigies of the late Rev.
and Lezrned Mr. Charles Leflie. Price 1s. 6d. N.P. This
will ferve as a very proper Frontifpiece_to his Theological
Works:in 2 Vols. Folio, and may be prefix’d to thofe which
are already bound, as well as to thofe which may be bound

hereafter, -- ae . . :
Il. The fame Effigies neatly done in Metzotinto. Price

s. 6d. .
IEY. Pious Inftruttions, which were found hanging up in
a black Ebony Frame in the Clofet of King Char.es I. foon
atter his Death. Printcd on a Broadfide with the King’s Ef-
figies neatly engraven. Price 6 d. a
LV. The laft dying Words of the late Rev. Mr. Willian |].
Paul and John Hall, fq; neatly engraven on a large Cop- *
per Plate, with their Effigics. Piice rs--6d.
: | _ This Day is publifhed, | .
“4% The Cafe of Subdfcription to Articles of Religion
-eonfider’d. ‘A Sermon preached at the Triennial Vifitaci-
on of the Right Reverend Father in God John, Lord Bilhop
of Oxford, held at St. Mary’s in Cxferd, on Tuffday July
the 20th, 3725. By John Conybeare, M, A. I cllow of Ex-
eter College in Oxford. Publlfned at the Requeft of his
Lordfhip, and the. Clergy. Printed for S. Wilmot in Ox-
ford, and fold by J. Knapton, J. Knaplock, W. and J. Innys
tn St. Paul’s Chureh-Yard, and J. Roberts in Warwick-
Zane, London. Price 6d. Where may be had, Mr. Cony-
beare’s Sermon of the Nature, Poffibility, and Certainiy of
Miracles: The zd Edition. Price 6d. “Alfo his Sermon
the Myfteries of the Ghriftian * eligion Credible. The od
Edition. Price ‘6d. Both of them preached before the Uni-

yerfity of Oxford. .

As it is need‘efsto fay much in the Praif: ofa Book that has
pafs'd with univerfal Approbation thro’ nine Editions or,
2000 each, the Bookfellers it is printed for only give No-
tice; that these is juft publithed, the tenth Edition of,

“ttl ONANIA, or the heinous Sin of Self-Poliution, andall
its frightful Confequences in both Sexes confider'd, with {oi1i-
tual and phyfical Advice to’ thofe who have already injur'd
themfclves by that atominable Practife ; in which are many |
very remarkable, and fome of'them even aftonifiing Letters,

f both Sexes, young and old, fing!eand marty d,

ler-

-

from Peifons oF
concerning their Self-Abufes, &e. Alfo Letrers from

ymen, Phyfirians, Schoolmafters, &c. fomé of them Cafti-
tical ef Cafes of Confticnee, &c. with Anfwers to them ;
and one from a Lady, very curious, conecrning the luwfl.
Ufeand finul Abite of the Marriage-Bed, with Hittories
of Cafes and Cures, &c. and one from another young mar-
ry‘d Lady, who, by that deteftabic Practice, became barren-
and difeafed. A {earned Divine and Phyfician has recom-
mended this Book inthefe Words; “ This little Book ought
“ to he read by all Sorts of People of beth Sexes, of what
“ Age, Degree, Profeffion, Condition foever, guilty or not
guilty of the Sin, declaim'd againft init. Sold by T. Crouch
at the Bell in Pater-Nofter-Row, near Cheapfide, and J. I-
fted at the Golden Ball, between Sc. Punftan’s Church and
Chancery-Lane End in Fleet-Street, Bookfellers, Price.
ftitch’d 25.
Concerning Lunatick or Melancholy Perfons.
NY Perfon that has Friend or Relation (of the female Sex)
afficred with Lunacy, may have them treated with the
 ” greareft Care and Lenity, where there is a large Garden,
- good:Air, and a very pleafant Situation, not far fram Lo--
an. They are attende! by Nurfes or Servants of their own
Sex ; no Man-Servants being allow'd of — ‘There is likewift
‘good Accommodation, at an eafy Rate, for Women-Luna-
ticks or-mei ncholy Perfons,° who are deem'd or thought in-
eurable. Fnquire at the Golden Key near the Penny Poft
Office in Chrificoher’s Church.Yard, Threadneedle-Screct,
‘near the © oy:l-Exchings, and know farther. |
_ N.Rs No Men aznaticks are Cntertain’d at the. fame
 Aonfe. -

- tO the nie it Palate.

ly taken off.

LONDON: Printed by WV. AtIST, in Great

rol

The Grand Specifick for cleanfing aud ftrengthning the

oo Reins, &c. i.
A Medicine that may be depended on as abfolutely effectua!
. for carrying off- by Urine, fafely, and fpeedily, all the
Relicks of fecret Injuries, Remains o* pernicious unskiliully
prepared mercurials, gleets, or weaknefies, through tedious or
illemanaged cures or the "Venereai Difeaie ; or from felt-po-
tvtion, inordinate coition ;, alfoany weaknefles of the Vcfiels
trom wrenches, ftrains, blows, or falls, and all other obitructi-
ons in the urinary paflages, even ftranguaries, ulcers, &c. are
perfectly cured by it, be they of ever fo long &anding. This
noble fpecitick is alfo ot fingular and very extraorcinary ule
and efficacy, where there is any gravel, or even fmall ftones,
flime, or any other matter thatobftrneécs the wines bringing
all away in a few times taking, vith furety. [t ftrengtiiens
and, ree -vers, aftrr 2 peculiar :nacner, al: rely ztions of the
veftels, confirms the parts, bringing all into rigut order, ana
thereby perfe-is the curetoadmirac’on. It’s a very picafant
medicine, and may be taken wi:h pleafure, an’ ~ill te found
of uncommon benefit to mantind, beyond -xpectation ;
which is the reafon of its being ade pick, and to obvi-
ate the ignorance of preteniers in «il the cafes above-men-
tioned. One bottle, in. soft -:'es, is fufficient fora nerfect
cure, as you will fee by the directions given with ir. Sold fr
78 6d, the botti~ it “tr. Loekten’s toyfhop ac tue Criffin,
the corner. of bucklersbnry in the pov!"ry. .

HE Hem-rrho des or PILES of ‘any Kind, ov in either
Sex, -bfo.utelv cnet fs 25 never tf. return again, by a
pleafant Svecitick E ectnare, now rec. minented by the molt
‘Celebrated Phyfici-ns as the only ccr-ain Me-wcine for that
-Indifpofition in the ‘MV ri/, for is the tharzef Pain, and
mioft miferable Torture, ir sives  corizing Relief, and al-

“mot mirienicus Efe ; No fo1er is itt’xen fearcely, but all

manner of Uneafiness va sities, as if by Inchantment, and
‘the Patient becoines cs perf> tly well ant *r-e from Pzin, as
if no fich Maliadyha! ever beea;- and chi§ it not only ac-
complifhes for the overent in al! Perf.ig whtfo.ver, but alfo
by totally fiibduing all SharonefS in the Plort and Juices,
it certainly preveits any “Retnra ‘of the Piles fer the fu-
ture, fo 4s entirely te cere chin Dne‘’s, and thereby preveat
Fiftula’s and other uirefaul Confequences thit cannot be too
much ‘xeaded, Hundreds of Men aid Women, ‘vho had for
many Years, more orlefg, been wretche lly adlicted ‘viii the
Piles, have, atorce, bern verectly cured by this great Re-
niedy, to. heir no lefs. Joy and Coiafort Cran Adnefyation :
It is 'o fifz, that a fuckiiig Child nv ghe etre if wicheut_In-
convenience, for it nev: Occaans tre let Trouble or Df
order, ani is lb very "F ceabic, as not to give anv Diftrte

~-
~-

stld only at Jacob's Coffe-Toue,
againtt the Angelan! Cr «wn Tavern -~Threadnecdle-s reec,

behind the Roy: Gccco nge, at ss a Yot,. with Dire-tions.

The UN IVS aSAt. FALILY MUDICINE,
_ To be taken any Seafon of the Year. It is alfo
Cer.ain aud infallible Cure for the SCURVY, of the
tongeft ftanding, aad the moft «ggravate.. % «imitances,
by a Cordiai Blix:r, fo peewtiarly «tated to the: Difeef: in
ail iis Fornis of annearing from the figuce® wich sg Humour -
inthe Blo :!, -9 iis wtinoft or ‘aft Effortoa sma Natrre :
It’s not 2 reg‘ed “urastive ‘hot diewihs the Path «= in ta-

-_

e

-king it, but a true sacrifin: Corie, that pert - ly cures

Avie ation, b° Siva’ aaa Urine,
and fo nowerfillly reétifies “ne Blood ana sucess, that fcro-
phir ous Cof:s are alfo fo.edi'y cured by ‘f: and all Spots,

lutches, Pimoles, &e. on eve Skin, are quickly and entire-.
risa Cordia! in the Sremach, removes all Pain
from it, heics Digeition, and is particularly adapted:to, alt
Conftitutions, th¢t it isthe inoft gener-| Family Medicine
that ever was knowa,'to be taken Snringand Fall, to pre-
ferve Health. Ti hinders no BufinefS oF Kecreation in taking
ig. Itisfold atthe Golden Bully on Puddle-Dock Hill near
Eudgite-Strectr, ut 3s. the “o'tie. Where good Allowance

that Diftemper by gear

‘is given by Wholefa'e to Country Shopkeepers, &c. (onc ina
- City, or Tows.) to fell again. The Directions’ given with. it

arelarge and full: The Medicine willkeep many Years.
7 -The Grand Corrector, . -
Eing a peculiar Cephalick Compound, a Snuff that ef-.
fectually prevents tre many bad Ef€ccts of your common
fathionable Snutis, by being mixed i7. taken with-them,; a
fma}i Quantity of this is furicient, it may, be mix'd daily as
on uft it, and when mix’d, alters not the Colour of -your

Fad

y . :
_ ether Snuffs, but prefgrves them from decaying twice as long.

as otherwife, and aifp gives them an: admjruble pleafant Fla-
vour, fo niuch admir’d by-Ladies and “entlemen.

s the Paffages of any pent cr clogg'd up Mat-
ter, occafion’d by: taking the common ‘Snuffs, or other wile,:
and is-a very extraordinary. Remedy for the Head-ach,'looth-
ach, Deafnefs, Noife and Pains in the. Fars ; alfo all Hn-
mours in the Eyes, Dimnefs of Sight, &c.
fil, and exceeding ufeful to all Sorts of -Peon'e
{es and enlivens all the fenfitive Faculties, snd
table Odour, makes cheartill, difpéls hy
fettions, removes Sadnefs, Drowfinefs and
Vapours, though of the longeft ftanding,
and valued by Abundance of Perfons of the beft Rank ard
vality, is.mix’d and takea by them for Prevention wi.n
their common Snuff. It will preferve its Virtue and F 2-
your many Months. in the Tin Box, and miy be carry 'd to
any Part of the World. Is fold only at Mr. Allcro't’s Toy-
fhap at the Bluecoat Boy againft the Boval-Exchange, and at
Mrs. Giles’s, a Milliner, next Hercules Pillars Alley near the
Templein F'leet-Street, and no where elfe, at 1s, caca Box. .

; for it rei-
by its del:-

ulnefS, cures the

s

~

This noble Compofitien, when taken alone (asthe Dire ‘ti .
_ ons fhew) c ears th

It is very grate-

condrieek Difat —

is highly efteem’d .

Car ter-Lané.

-
”

WRIGHT"s Dieuretick! or ceanfing Tinéture.

, . Wine urinally difcharges all the feces or putrid relicks of

the Lues Alamode, or Venereal Infection, and caufes
its Concomitants, the wretched Train of that.complicated —
Dittemper, asa mucous, filthy, {anious Matter lodg'din the
Reins, or {permatick Parts, whichgither Caufe a fharpnefsin ,
_the Urine, or too frequently provokesit. This Relick ig
difeoverable, partly by the fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a
Debility.or Weaknefs of the Back, a frtid nauftous, and:
averting Smell of the Urine, with a purulent Aiatter. ur. .
feculeat Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or flying in it, with
Variety of Figures, Farcher, this Tincture efpecially carties
off ali Relicks of the Venereal Difeafe, after ill manageg ‘
sures, not only clean‘ing the Urinary Patliges of all Sand. °
Gravel, Films, or meinbranecous Pellicles, &c. but after a
fingv iar ETivacy, invigorating the Reins; reftoring them, and
Qu! Luelr geni :al Parts, to cheir original Tone and UR, though =.
the Misfortune and Decay be of the iongeft Date, with an e-
qual suecefsin cxch ves. To be hd ror ces. per Bottle, with
Virestions for its Ole, only at his Goufe, the Golden Head.
and two Lanivs 11 Bell-Savae:: Yard on Ludgate Hill,

LE Fitamacionsan3 Sorene&% 9° the EYES, Blo

£4. De-luxion of thary Humours, dimnefs oF Ste Speen
«ilms, or beginning Cataracts, &c. abfolutely cur'd by a.
wonderilil chymical Liquor Litely found out, which imme-
diate:y Heils and Cares ul manner of Soreaef of the Eyes.
in Children or grown Perfons, tho’ of many Years ftanding
and whether proceeding from tne “vil, or any other Di-
Remper, and that with ue caufiag the leat Prin or “Ine.
Incfs in ufiag; it effectually takes away all Specks, Films.
ar incipient Cataracts to adiniration, asalfo all Flies, Gnats,
xe. that feem to fwim'b-fore the Sight; it wonderfully

reogthens the Ovtick Nerves, contorts the Eyes, certaine
ly removes all Dimnefs, clearing the’Sight, and "affuredly:
preferving it ftrong and Age; mang -

and gooi to excecding o
who were fo very dim fishted f Pears as f{tarcely.
aly and al-

| fo very for fome
able to diftinguuifh any Thing, have been perf

_Mmoft inftantly cured by it, fo as to rexd the {mallet Print

_ without Spectacles 5 and tor Opthalmics, or fore Eyes, no
Medicine ‘on Earth can come near it, hundreds have been
cured by it of the very worft fre almoft upon the Snot
and “JindnefS been prevented in Abundance ‘who had tried
all other Remedies in vain, infomuch rhat it may be al-
molt accounted a Miracle of-2. Medicine. Is fold only by
the Gentlewoman at the Two Blue Pofts in Haydon- Yard
in the Minories, at 25, 6d. a Bottle with Dire‘tions.

r Lf ; °
| het are to inform the Fema’e Sex, _
Hot the geutiewo nan at the golden ballon puddle dock
A shill, neur the weft end of St. pant’s church, hath attain'’d
MG a very certain; fate, and expeditious way of curing the
miny weakneffts and indifpotions peculiar to thofe of her
orn fex; fuch as barrenncis and“ mifcarriage in married.
women ; the green frknef in maids, and many other grie-
vous IlInefics that married women, ‘Widows and maids are
fubject to, too tedious here torelate.
On a little difcourfe with the pitients, fhe judges of their
cafes and caufes of illnefies,wh:ther.ic be barrennefs, which
hath many ‘nown curable c.ufes ; rhe diftinét knowledge of-

which’ ne is miftrefs; feveral of which caufes are little re. .~

garded, or not known to the patients, therefore thought in-
,curabie $ or whether mifcatriage; tho’ they have miftarried~

many tines, Sotie which the cures, throngh the bleffing of - :

God, by a very extraorlinary mezhod of exceeding fafe and:
le frit Medicines, which «1 many. Years. Experience have
en found abfolutely effectual for a perieét Cure on grea
Numbers of Ladies and Gentlewomen of the beft Note=in

-
3°. f
.-* >

the Kingdom, in all the a: ove-mentioned Indifpofitions-pe= |.

cuilarto the Sex: She isto be advifed with at her Honfe,
‘abovementioned, any Day of the Week. She alfo anfwers

Cafes ftated in Letters fet from the Country, Poft paid.-

ME VAPOUXS in Women intallibly cur'din an Ine *
tant, fo as never to return again, by an admirable:

. chymical Secret, a few Drops of which takes off' a Fit. in.

a Moment, difpels Sadnefs, clears the Hand, takes away’
all Swimming, Gijddinefs, Dimnefs of Sight, Flufhings in’
the. Face, &c. toa Miracic, and moft certainly prevents the’
Vapours returning again, for by rooting out the very Caufe,
it pertectly cures, as Hundreds .have experienced: It alfa-
ftrengthens the Stomach. and Bowels, and caufes Livélinefs:
and fettled Health. Is now fold only at Mr. Radford’s Toy-
fhop, at the Rofe and Crown agiinit St. Clement's Church-

Yard in the Strand, near Arundel-Street Fnd. Price 2s.
6d. a Bottle with Directions: Beware of Counterfeits at ge:

Great ECLIPSE, of the Moon. *
7 WHEREAS on Sunday in. -

plendent Full Moon will-be fo
totally disigured as to appear ~
very formidable: An exact
‘Account of it,-with a curicus |
Draught of the Interpofition :
efthe Earth and its Atmot
. phere between the Bodies of
- the Sun and Moon is publifh-

ewe... . Gratis at the Anodyne Neck-
——— lace without Temple-Bar: At
Jovem Piin's, the. Firft ‘Toy-fhop on the Right-
Alley, from Cornhill, And at Mr,

ir.
lfand in Pope’s Head Alcy, -
Greg's Bookfuller at Charing-Crols ..

=aF bial
bet

~~

VV the Evening the roth. .
of Oétober_ next, 2a bright ref-. ~

~

$

*
f

ei, and which Book is Given ~

*
4
"f
oy 7
. a

. ? - y "oe

_e Sg eepptetntmrene teen »
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 2 Oct. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786184/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 