c >

Fault of an Englif Education.

- «we become thereby the better qualified to ferve

_, Waters therewith. -

"to make a Fool more ridiculous.

* Yerurn a Beaft. |

weigners will be apt'to make g Judgment of, our

_:fonie-of my Cauntrymen, who. go abroad to fee :

-Correfpondent. tells me,,.that as foon-as they are;

-° SaTuRDAY, SEPTEMBER 18.

‘dnother; their chief Bufinefs heré, next to loi-
tering away fo much Time, is to fettle the im-
portant Affair of Dinner; chat done, they pro-
ceed to the Tavern, where, perhaps, they fir till
Two or Three a Clock the next Morning, then
reiurn home, unlefs they chance to ftumble into a
Bordel by the Way; a Misfortune which has of-
ten happen’d'; and that they do the fame
Thing the next’ Day, and the next, with very
little Alteration. :

Befides this ordinary Way of fitting themfelves
‘for the Service of their Country, they common-
ly cake a Turn to Verfailles, Marli, &c. and gaze
at the fine Buildings and Statues of thofe Places,
With the. fame Wonder that a Country Fellow
Ages at fomé ftrange Sight, without confidering,
or acquiring the leaft Knowledge into, the Defign
of the Archite&, or Skill of ‘rhe Statuary.

_. But what is moft remarkable is, that after
‘fome of thefe Gen:lemen have pafs‘d three or

T the-Return of every long Vaca-
4 tion we find the, Town lofes a great
(aad Number of its Inhabitants ; for,
“ews daring this Recefs of all publick }
Ex@reraca Diveriions, our People of Pieafure,
Sees) like Summer Birds, rake Wing and’
fly to Bath, Tunbridge, Epfom, and fuch other Pla-
ecs as are the Scenes of Intricgue and Seandal, till
the Approach of.cooler Weather, while not a
few crofs the Sea to make a fhort Tour upon the
‘Continent. ©“ ©
This brings me to fay, fomething of the Plea-
fares and Advantages of ‘Travel : Travel islook'd
upon to be effentiai towards accomplithing a fine
Gentleman ; for ic is by converfing with she
-well-bred Part of other Nations, that we wear off.
a certain Stiffhefs which is look’d upon ro be the.
It is by thar, we,
by. Degrees, get rid of all Singularities which are
the vicious Habits of certain-Places, and by that
we acquire a Behaviour free from Rutticity ‘on
the one Side, and Ceremony on-the other. |
- Thus far it renders us polite, and makes us
.agreeable Companians to our Friends ; but there
are greater Advantages ftill attending it, for-as
_it gives us Opportunities of éxamining into. the
_Laws, Cuftoms and Policies of other Countries,

ORE

zy

return Home, affe&ting a foreign T'afte and Man-
her.in every.Thing about their Perfons, bring-
ing with them, for thar Purpofe, two three fine
Suits of Cloaths very ill made, with each a French
Valet de Chambre, and a French -
A. Country "Squire of my Acquaintance is lately
return’d from finifhing his Travels ; he has been
gone néar a Month away, in which Timche has
made a Trip to Paris. His common Phrafe
now is, What is.a Man unlefs be fees'the World ? —

our own . ,

Bartoli, an Italian Author, compares Travellers
to certain.Streams of, Water, which pafling -thro’
mineral Grounds, draws out tne Vertues and
-wholefome Qualities of the Earth, and inrich their’

few Words, that there's nothing like old England
) of his Arrival at Paris, when he wanted a But-
tock of Salt. Beef and Carrots for Supper; there
was.no fuch Thing to be had, therefore he won-
ders how the D——1 the People live. -
“He is alfo provoked at the Dulnefs of the Hofts
and Attendants in the Inns in France, whom he
_calls.a Parcel of ftupid Dogs, for thar not one of
them underftood Englifh, and he wonders where
a Plague they were bred. Nor was he lef:
incenfed a: rhe Sonof a B of a Guide (as
he- was pleafed to call him) who had like to
have overturned the Chaife, and gave him a
damn’d Knock on the Pate, from whence he
draws this Confcquence, that the French Coach-
; men are not fo good as ours.’

I believe the’ Engl Gentlemen are, by.their | Thefe are che moft material Rernarks he has

ortunes better able to fupport the Expence of |. made upon the French Nation. —— Bur he adds,
travelling, than any others in Exrope,.yet I would. | that tho’ he did not ftay long amongft th m, he
uot have every. Booby of a great Eftate fent a- | made the beft ufe of his Time, for he drank his

broad, and expofed to the wide World ; for Fo- | 4 0r 5 Bottles every Night.
“Thus accomplifhed, many. of our young Fel-

¥et. we find, that this ‘Comparifon will not
hold in Refpe& to all Gentlemen that travel ; fom
this, like other Parts of a liberal Education, is
thrown away upon fome Men, nay, it only ferves
There.are cer-
‘tain Lands, naturally fo poor and barren, that no
Art, Labour, or Cultivating, will render rich
.and fruitful ; and there. are certain Stones which
‘are not to be polifh’d; we may fay the fame
‘Thing of the Underftandings of fome Men ; fo
that we often {co a Man fet out a Fool upon his
Travels, and return a Coxcomb. The Italians
‘have a Proverb which fays, Chi va Beflia a Roma,
‘Betta retoirna ; he that goes to Rome a Beak, will

-

- People by fuch of them as they fee, and by thefe

- Means we may. row into Contempt. Tf you ask them Queftions concerning the Laws

The Man: of: Fortune fends his .Son abroad | or Governments of the Countries they have vi-
“with a liberal Allowance, in.order to make him: | ficed, you will find they know no more of thofe
“acquainted with Men. and Manners, but the: fond |. Matters than they do of Terra Auftralis incognita ;
. Prejudice of a Parent hinders him from feeing his | and the whole Account of their Travels is ge-
- Son's Incapacity, and it is thro’. this paternal | nerally noe more chan a Journal of how many

Blindnefs that fo many ftrange Spe&acles of our 4, Bottles they have drank, and what loofe Amours
“Country are tq-be feen abroad: . - 4 they ‘have had. - . |

Asmy IntelJigence is pretty general, I have had,| Of old,-not Boys, but Men, were fent to tra-
‘an Account Sent me from Paris in what Manner. | vel, for the Views of Men in leaving their own
: Country was not to fec’Fafhions, to examine how
Perriwigs or Coats were made, but to inquire
: into the Excellency of the Laws ‘of other Nati-
ons, and, by comparing them with theiz own, to
fupply theig Defe&s: Thus Solo and Lyeurgus

: Men and Marners pals their Time chere.——— My

up they commonly readezvouz at the Exglifs Cof-:

fee-Houle, where they cenverfe only with one .

‘Sr. Louis was celebrated jn
‘ner there in Honour to rhe King of France, who

four Mourhs in their moft edifying Manner, they -

His Reomarks.are rot many, for he maintains, in | Company is to be augmented by 10 Men. ’

fill; and gives for a Reafon, that the firft Night.

Stocker two Pot Siages off, the Marfhaf of ‘the

lows return, who go abroad to fee the World. — -

Child.

ai-

/ MIST’ WEEKLY JOURNAL. — twomea

1725.

made themfelves perfe& in the Laws of all Greece,
and: prevailed with Atkerzs and Sperta to receive
fuch of them as they found ¢é be better than their
own. |

FOR EIGN AFFAIRS,

By the Letrers from Warfaw..there pears
no Likelyhood -of any Accommodation; the Af.
fairs of chat Kingdom beihg ftill more aud ‘more
every Day embroil'd; and as to. the BufinetS of
Thorn, all Hopes
the Proteftants are at an End, even fo much ag
the oetaining a Repeal of the Sentence, for the
Senators and Officers of the Crown have decla-
red, that they: will facrifice their Lives-and For-
tuncs in defending it. — a mo

From Rome they write, that the Feftival of
& magnificent Man«

bears thar Name, by the Cardinal Polignae : ag
which were 26 Cardinals, burs the Spanith Car:
dinal de Belluga avoided. coming becaufe of the
Difference between the two Crowns. -—— There
have been found feveral Curiofities, as old Mar-~
ble Statues tings, —
of Farnefe, particularly under the Ruins of Ne-
ros Hall, where a good Number of Men aré daily
employ’d in digging. oe ,

The Preparations for War go on in Spain, and

| Troops. are marching to feveral Flaces of that
Kingdom that border on France. All Officers

are order'd to their Pofts, and ‘tis faid, every

Tt-is likely that thefe Doings have alarin’d. th
French Court, and that ; eee the
King of Spain to be in earneft in-thefe Proceed-
ings, for on Saturday 7-nizhc the Marthal Duke
of Berwick, who has been laid afide ever fince
the Death of the Regent, was fent for to Court
in all Halt, and ne accordingly fet out for Fon-
tainbleau in a Poft Chaife direatly, ‘tis fisppofed,
to be corfulred with on the prefent Pofture of
Affairs in Relation to War. . 4

On Sepx. 4. N.S. -'The Arch. Dutchefs Mary
Elizabeth, after taking Leave of all the Court,
fer out trom La Favorita for Bruffels ; the has
been prefented by the City of Vienna with 4000
Ducats for the Expence of thar Journey: at

lower Auftria complimenied her atthe Head of
the States of that Province, and made’ her the
ufual Prefeat of a rich Purfe full of Duckets.

Two Days after the Departure of the Areh-~

Dutchels, the Emperor went Poft and mer his
Sifter at the laft mentioned Place, who was a-
greeably furprized at that unexpeSted Vifir:
The Princefs the fame Day proceeded on her
Journey, and the Emperor after having diverred
himfelf with Hunting, return’d to La Favorita.
They tell us from Vienna that they have Adyi-
ces from Rome, thar the Princefs, Confort to
the Chevalier de St. ,

They give an Account from Bourdeaux, that
of 25 Ships of feveral Narions thar failed our

Of that River’ the sth Inftant, 14 were caft away
in-a violent Storm. i

Letters, from Conftantinople, by phe We

Venice, dated July 20. confirm theD Parise of
Death of Meriweys at Ifpahan, Mphvelt sh iy
' was efictted by Poyfon. _ ae Sera
- “—N\
om

of Satisfaftion to be made to -

and ‘fine Paintings, in the Garden

they begin to think the *

George, is again with —

*
CO ae ees ge

 Dublin, sept..g. On the 7th the Parliament met
and adjourn’d td the 2ift. Writs were ordercd
for the ele&ing 23 new Members. Five Tem-
poral and four Spiritual Peers were introduced in-
to the Houfe of Lords.——The Lord Tullimore,

Mufter-Mafter-General, dy’d laft Night. ——-—

Lord Barrymore is arrived here.
Glafgow, Sept. 6. A Man is committed to Pri-
fon, being charged with breaking open the Scru-

tore at the rifling of Mr. Cambell’s Houfe, and

will be fent to Edinburgh for Tryal. Our
Maltfters, who had agreed not to fell any Malt,
have thought fir to drop that Refolution.
| _ From the Edinburgh Evening Courant.
Edinbargh, Sept. 6 By Letters from Caftle
Bralian, near Invernefs, of the 31f of Augnft,
we have an Account,-that on Monday the 23d
of that Month, a Detachment of the Troops
~ .which are encamped near Invernefs was detach'd
to Caftle Brahan; and on Saturday the 28th,
the Tenants of the feveral Clans belonging to the
Eftate formerly poffefs’d by the late Earl of Sea-
‘forth, who had all been fummoned (purfuant to
an Act of Parliament) by General Wade, to de-
iver up their Arms on that Day, came in a Bo-
dy from their refpe&ive Countries, and drew

up at fome fmall Diftance from the Caftle, from -

thence, by Order of their Chiefs (who a little
before had been to wait on the General) they
-march’d in very good Order into the Court-yard
of the Caftle, and laid dcwn their Arms, to the
_ Number of 800, without any Appearance of .Dif-
content or Reluctancy.

The Chiefs of the feveral Tribes and other
- principal Gentlemen of the Country, dined the
fame’ Day with the General, and great Civili-
ties and mutual Affurances of good Offices pafs'd
-on both Sides.
that che Rents of the Eftate which is near. 60
" Miles in Length, and 40 in Breadth, fhould be
pun@ually paid to the Crown for the Ufe of the
Publick, and a dutiful Submiffion to his Majefty’s
Government. |

The General has fent Detachments into the
Countries bordering upon the Eftate of Seaforth,
to prevent any Depredations from the neighbour-
ing People, who are not yet difarm’d, and is pro-
_eceding without Lofs of Time to difarm the Coun-
tries adjacent. | |

Edinburgh, Sept. 8. Duncan Forbes, E{q; his
Mayjelty’s Advocate being very ill, but 7 of the
Rioters will be try’d on the 17th. ———~ This

Place being in a profound Peace, all the extraor- -

dinary Guards are fent away. The Malt

-A& not having taken Effe% at Perth, Sterling, |

and Aberdeen, and fome other Towns, the Offen-
ders in thofe Places are cited to anfwer the fame
at Edinburgh. ———.— An Officer in rhe Salr Du-
ty having been unmercifully beaten and wound-
ed at Dyfert, in the Execution of his Office, by
Perfons unknown, zol. Reward is offered by the
Commiffioners for difcovering them.

Oxford, Sept. 15.
_ Mayor, Aldermen, and Recorder of this City,
were very fplendidly entertained at Chrift Church
by H y W y t%e——ch, Efq; where
feveral loyal Healths went round with great
Chearfulnefs,

Bath, Sept.14. Judge Tracey is arrived here
for the Palfy.
ford Litchfield. — "Tis faid a Match is
likely to be between James Smyth, Efq; Mem-
ber for Taunton, who is here, and the ReH& of
John Trenchard, Efq; |

Maidftone, 6ept. 9. On Monday laft in the Af-
rerngon, about feven of the convi& Felons in our
Goal, who lye for Tranfportation, began « Riot
in the following Manner. A Scheme having bec

‘They promifed the General |

| defen
This Day the Worfhipful the |

Lodgings are taken for

laid fome Time before, and an Affociation drawn
up by Matthias Cater, formerly Servant to the

Earl of Suffolk; he obrain’d Leave to go up

Stairs to dine with Mis. Horne, his Fellow-Con-
vitt ; and being condufed down again by the
Keeper and his Deputy, as the latter open’d the
Door for him, he was affaulted and.pull’d into

the Goal by the Felons, who lock’d him up; and -
_afterwards attack’d the Head Keeper, to get the

Key of the outer Door from him; but he, with

great Prefence of Mind, inftantly threw the Key
out of a Window into the Street, and getting up
afew Steps, turn’d a folding Door down upon —

them, and by that Means fecur’d them and him-
felf. ‘Then they fet their Matts on” Fire, and

threaten’d to burn rhe Goal ; but an’ Engine be-

ing brought, that Blaze was foon extinguithed.
However, they ftill continued in Defiance, till
one of the Keeper’s Affiftants happening to fire a

Piftol with a Brace of Bullets in it, through the.

Grate, fhot Cater in the Side, both Bullets lodg-
ing in his Body. The reft feeing their Champion
fall, foon yielded. Cater dy’d the next Morning.
Maidfone, Sept. 13. On Thurfday Night laft
Mr. Hope and Mr. Haws of Boxley, were’ robb’d
by three Foot-Pads ; the former loft about 3 l.
and was wounded in his Face by two Bullets ;
the Rogues firing their Piftols at the Approaeh
of fome more Men, and got off, notwithftanding
x Purfuit was made after them. ,
From Tunbridge, That five Children had been
ftole away, and fome of them found ftript, and
their Hair cut off. |
LONDON, September 18.
Francis Annefley, jun. Efq; who was lately divore

ced by Parliament, is now enter’d into holy Or- .

ders, and has been prefented to the Vicarage of
Winwick in Lancafhire, one of the greatelt Be-

nefices in England, by the Lord. Afhburnham, to -

which he was induéted laft Week by the Bifho

of Chefter, having been ordained in Jreland, and

taken his Do&or's Degree there, in the civil
Laws. |

The Rev. Mr. Reynolds, eldeft Son to the

Bifhop of Lincoln, is alfo lately come into that
holy Calling, and is made Archdeacon of Lin-
coln, and Dr. Lunn is appointed Archdeacon of
Huntingdon. J |

They write from Dublin, that on the 8th of
Auguft a Duel was fought near Parfons Town, in
King’s County, between Michael Moore of Clog-
hau, of the faid County, Efq,; and Captain John
Eyre of Feddan, in the County of ‘Tipperary,
at which wereprefent, among feveral other Per-
fons, Licutenant Bagnal ‘and Quarter-Mafter

| Charles Armitrong ; and that the faid Moore, in

the Attack, tumbled, fell down, and loft his

+ Sword ; upon which Eyre feiz'd it, and purfu'd

Moore with both Swords, in order ta ftab him ;

| which Armftrong endeavouring to prevent, and

putting his own Sword into Moore’s Hands to
himfelf, the faid Eyre ran upon Arm-
ftrong (naked as he-was, and no Party in the
Quarrel) and ftabb’d him in the Breaft, of which
he inftantly died ; whereupon a Reward of 10
Guineas is offer’d by two Brothers of the Decea-

{ed for apprehending him, fo that he may be de- |

livered up into the Hands of Juftice, at any Time
before the firft Day of O&ober next.

Mr. Triquet,a Dyer in Spittle-Fields, who for-
merly was Major of the Regiment of the City
T'rain’d Bands, commanded by the Sate Sir John
Cafs, Ke. and Alderman, is made Major of the
firft Regiment of the 'Tower-Hamlets.

We hear from France, that Mr. Charles Eve-
lyn-and fome other Englifh Gentlemen were
robb’d between Paris and Lyons, by a Gang of

| Wighwaymen, who threaten’d to ferve them as

~

their Countrymen were near Calais; but, by good
Fortune, they efcap'd with their Lives.
Edmond Bray, Et )
5000 I. per Ann.
formerly Knight of the Shire, died lately of the
Small-Pox, a Diftemper very fatal to his Family,
and is fucceeded by his Son, juft come of Age,
who, we hear, is going to be married to 4 young’
Lady cf good Fortune in the fame Céunty. ;
The Thomafine, Captain Thoroughgood, men-

tion’d in our former, was taken the 30.h of funé, .
Lat..40, by a Pyrate Sloop tommanded by one-

Lyma, who had lately been a Confort to one
Sprig: She was mounted with 10 Guns and 16
Swivels, and had 40 Men: They were carrying
the Thomafine to the Cape de Verd Iflands to fit

her up‘for their own Ufe; but taking afterwards ~

the Benjamin and Robert, Captain Cockram,
bound from London to Bermuda, on the 28ch of
yy. ; and fhe proving a much better failer, th
eft the former, and proceeded on their way wit
the latter. They plunder’d the Thomafine very
much, left his Captain the Mate, Boatfwain, 2
Sailors, a Boy and 4 Paflengers, ‘and fome ftink-
ing Provifiohs. The Thoma fine was fpcke with
the 7th of Auguft, in Lat. 37, 253 Leagues Eaft
from Cape Raze in Newfoundland, by the Bonet-
ta, Captain Hoge from Guinea, who {pared them
fome Water, of which they were in great Want.
On Monday the 4 Malefa&ors mention’d im
our laft, were executed at Tyburn, viz. John
Price, ‘Thomas Woolridge, John Little, and Jane
Wilkinfon, for feveral Burglaries and Felonies.
Some Days ago feveral Amazonian Ladies, a-
mouting -to a handfome Troop, were taken in the
Diftri&s of Drury, Newtener’s-Lane, &c. by that
terrible Argus the High-Conftable, and carried
before Colonel John Ellis of St. Giles’s, who: or-
der’d them to be fafely convey’d, to the Hofpital

| of Clerkenwel, and for their Healths fake ‘to be
Kept to hard Labour.

hey write from Paris, Sept. 15, that befides
the Waver which the King laid with the Duke
d’Antin, feveral others have been laid at that
Court'and ‘City, that the Queen is already with
Child; fome go further, viz. that in nine Months

‘fhe will be brought to Bed of a Dauphin.

The Weftmoreland, Captain Stretton, bound
from Jamaica to Briftol, was in her Paffage loft
in the Gulf of Florida, but the Men got all fafe
intheir Long-Boat to South-Carolina. = =

We hear from Dublin, thar upon the format
Surrender of Mr. Wood's Patent as’ mentioned in

our former, it was given out there, thar the Lord

Abercorn was like to obtain a Grant for furnithing
that Kingdom with Half-Pence and Farthings
to be made there, of Copper of their own Pre-
duce and Manufaéture, the intrinfick Value to be
without Exception. .

We hear from Maidftone, that ‘the Coroner’s

Jory having fate on the Body of Mathias Cater,

rought in their Verdi& Neceffary Defence.

On Wedhnefday: Night, between Twelve and: .”
One, the Corpfe of the Countefs of Thanet was -
_ carried out of Town to be privately interr’d at the
burying Place of the Family
From Gloucefter we are informed, that on fome —

y near Rochefter.

of the laft Marker Days there, the Price of Wheat
fell 1s. per Bufhel, on Account of its great Plen-
ty inthat Country, and fine Weather for gather-
ing it in. . :

On Saturday laft 152 Canifters of Tea were

feiz'd in the River below-bridge by the Cuftoia-

houfe Officers.

The Wilkam and Mary Yacht, Capt. Mofes, is

order’d for Calais, to bring over the L. Walgrave .

and Madam de Villette, commonly called. V#~

sountels of Bolingbroke.

, } ; of Barrington in theCounty ,
of Gloucefter, a Gentleman of

bane
sont

xn - )

a ee ,
 ie ~

we cee

|

/ * * The COMP

-riff, and the Sati
Chri

of Dr. Clarke.

Price 2%

_ 0 Morrow there will be preachdd two Sermons at St.
Dunfian’s Stepney, for the Benefit of 70 poor Childen
belonging to Ratcliff Hanilet ; that in the Morning by
the Rev. Dr. Landen, Minifter of poplar, and that in
the Afternoon by the Rev. Mr. Henley, the Reftorer of
the ancient Elocution.

South-Sea Stock is 121, 1 half, Bank 137) I 4th.

India ijzo, 1 half. African 16°1 4th.
ADVERTISEMENTS.

This Day is publifhed, . ~ —_

LETE ENGLISH TRADESMAN,
in familiar Letters, directing him-in all the feveral Parts
and Progreffions of TRADES, viz. 1. His acquainting him-
felf with BufinefS during his Apprenticefhip. 2. His wrl-
ting to his Correfponden‘s, and obtaining a general Know-
ledge of Trade, as well what he is not, as what he is em-
ploy’din. 3. Of Diligence and Applicatisn, as the Life of
all Bufinefs. 4. Cautions againft Over-Trading. 5: Of the
ordinary Occafions of a Tradefman’s Ruin, fuch as expen-
five Living. —Too early marrying.—Innocent Diverfions ——
Giving and taking too much Credit.——~Leaving Bufinefs to
Seryants.-Being above Bufinefs.——Entering into dangerous
Partnerfhips, &c.- 6. Directions in the feveral Diftrefits of
a Tradefman when he comes to fail. 7. OF Tradefmen com-
pounding with their Debtors, and why they are fo particu-
arly fevere. €. Of Tradeimen ruining one another by Ru-
mour and Scandal. 9» Of Credit, and how it is only fup-

-ported by Honefty. 10. Directions for Book-Keeping, pun-

ctual paying Bills, and thereby maintaining Credit. Cal-
cnlated for the Tnftruétion ot Inland Tradefmen, and e-
{pecially of YOUNG BEGINNERS. Printed for Charies

ivington at. the Bible and Crown in St. Paul’s Churca-
Yard. Prices s.

OST on Monday the rth Inftant, a Pocket Book with

a green Cover, fome {mail ‘Things in it, faopofed to be
dropt:in a Coach that took up three Men in Whitechapel,
and drove them to the Three’Tuns in Wood-Street: Who-
over fhall bring the Book and Things to the faid Tavern,
fhall have ten Shillings Reward.

HE White Hart Inn at Woodford, Effex, with good
Out-Houfes.and Stabling, and other Conveniencies, is
to be Lett. Enquire at the Two Brewers at Woodford-Row,
and you may know farther.

Juft publif’d,
*,¥ PROPOSALS for printing by Subfcription, Reve-
rendi admodum in Chrifto Patris, SAMUELIS PARKERI,

_Epifcopi non ita pridem Oxonienfis, de Rebus fui Temporis

@ommentariorum Libri Quatuor, e Codice M. S. ipfius
Authoris manu caftigato, nunc primum in lucem editi.

This Book contains a great deal of curious Hiftory and
Obfervation, relating not_only to the Affairs of Great Bri-
tain and Ireland; both Ecclefiaftical and Civil, but of all
Furope, fo far as domeftick Tranfactions and Events had
an Influence on the Interefts of foreign Courts and-Coun-
trices: And it will clear up many Things, in which other mo-
dern ‘Hiftorians are either miftaken: or defective, It gives
the Redder a View of the fecret Motives on which Meafures.
were taken by Men of all Denominations ; it has many par-
ticular Characters of Men of Note, and deferves to be read
by all ingenuous. Perfons that have read another late lear
ned Prelgate’s Hiftory of his own Times. a

Subfcriptions are taken in by C. Rivington at the Bible
end Crown in St. Paul’s Church-Yard, R. Clements, Book-
feller in Oxford, C. Crownfield, Bookfeller in Cambridge,
F. Hildyard, Beokfeller in York, J. Waghern, Booxfeller in
Durham, and J. Leake, Bookfeller in Bath.

.. . Ju publifhed, ;

*.* 1. The Socintan Controverfy difeufs'd, in fix Dialogues.
Wherein the chief of the Socinian Traéts publifhed of late
Years are confidered. “To which is added, A Defence of the
firft.and laft Dialogues relating to the Satisfaction of Jefus
Chrift. By Charles Leflie, Chancellor of the Cathedral of
Connor. ‘The 2d Edition, with a new Preface. _.

2. A fhort Enquiry into the Doétrine of the Trinity,
as it islaid down in holy Scripture. Wherein the Errors of
Dr. Clarke, relating to that Subject, are examined and con-
fated. By George Wade, A.M. late Fellow of Chrift’s Col-

: lege; now Vicar of Ganeshorough and Prebend of Lincoln.

The true Scripture Doétrine_of theTrinity; the Eucha-
atisfaction made for.us by our Lord Jefus
ft. Wherein all the Texts in thé Old and New Telta-
ments relating thereunto ; and the principal Paflages in the
Liturgy, and Articles of the Church of England, are col-
lected, compared, explained, and:vindicated from the Errors
- _ All printed for G. Strahan at the Golden
Ball over-againft the Royal-Exchange in Cornhill.
This Day is publithed, , _
: *,* An Effay on the Tranfmutation of Blood, containing
the Atiology ; or an Account of the immediate Canfe of pu-
trid Fevers Ae Agues; as alfo Obfervations upon the noble
Snecifick CORTEX PE RUVIANUS. _ Printed for A. Bet-
tefworth in Pater-Nofter-Row. _Pricer s. |
Where alfo may be had, juft_publifhed, ,
_Y. An Examination of the Notion. ef moral Good _and E-
vil, advanced in a late Book, entituled, The RELIGIO
of NATORE delineated. By John Clark, Mafter of the
publick Grammar School in Hull. Price 1's. |
Ij. Vida’s Art of Poetry tranflated into Englifh. By Chri-
ftopher Pitt, M. A. late Fellow of NewsCollege, rd;

& Youle to be Lett,

Ts New North-Street near Red Lyon-Square; with’ two

Coich-Houfes,, and Stabling for 7 Horfes, over, againft
‘the Mafons-Arms.. Enquire for Mrs. Southam over againft
Juftice Brown's, the lower-Street, Iilington.

September the 7th, ne ae Bide 1

ARRIVED, a fine Parcel of finging Canary Birds, both

Cocks ani Hens, very fine, curious Colours ; likewife
a-very fine pipeing BPullfinch, and a very fine whiftling
Linnit, brought over: from High Germany, by. Chriftopher
and John Whats ; to be fold at the Bell and Bird Cage the
Corner of Silver-Street in Wood-Street ; where there are
very fine Nightingals, with all Sorts of Engti Birds; like-
wilt Morkeeds to be fold, and all other Sorts of Provifion
or Birds.

WHEREAS I Elizabeth Jaftice, lodging at Mr. Cle-
; ‘ment’s near the Watch-Houte in Well-Clofe-Square,
_ Wapping, have been many Years, every Spring and Fall,
afflicted with a fere Leg, and particularly this laft Year, fo
grievoufly tormented therewith, that ‘twas the Opinion of
the moft ableft Phyficians, and Surgeons, that the lame was,
incurat:le, and ought to be out off to prevent Mortificati-
on: This is theretore to fatisfy the World, that having

heard of the Fame of Dr. Atton’s Excellent Stiptick, I am
by the Bleffing of God and the Ufe thereof perieétly reco-
ver'd, which the Charity I owe to my Neighbours, and_ the

' Juftice due to this Excellent Kemedy obliges meto publith
to the World. : be L ‘EK. JUSTICE.
° ett

AS” good hunting Seat in Repair, being the capl-
\. tal Meffuage, or Manor-Houfe of Bultord, in the Coun-
ty of Wilts, fituated in a pleafant open Country, and fur-
rounded with Bulford, Amesbury, and other Downs, confiting
of five Roomson the Ground-Floor, viz. a: itchen, Hall,
and three Parlors, all wainfcotted ; fix wainfcotted Cham-
bers, fix Garrets, a good Brewhonfe, and other Out-Offices,
a 'toach-Houfe, Stabling for about twelve Horfes, a very
good Pidgeon-Houft, Garden and Bowling-Green wa:led in;
an Orchard of about an Acre, well planted with Fruit-Trees,
a Meidow Ground of about two Acres, w-ter’d at Pleafure,
and another little Ground with the Royalty ot Hunting, * ith-
ing and Fow!ing: [t lies one Mile from. Amesbury, two
from Stonehenge, three from Tidworth, 6 from Ludgarihall,
feven from Salisbury, and ten from Andover, to be let with
or without the P:dgeon-Honfe and Merdow. Enquire of Mr,
Cornelius Tirrell, Attorney ot Law in Andover, in Hants’,
or of Mr. John Weeden, Attorney at Law in Bell-Court,
near Alderfgate, London.
TAINCTURA NERVOSA CARDIACA, or the Cordial
, Tincture for the Nerves, being an approved, experienced

and never-failing Medicament in finking, languifhing,. and

lownefs of Spirits, Palpitation, or Trembling of the Heart, in
all paralitick, foporole and convulfive Diftempers, and in all
Affictions o1 the Head and Nerves; it infallibiy prevents the
bad Effects of Coitee and Tea on the Nerves, which occafions
in moft People the above-mentioned Diforders (with many
more, which youl fec at large in the Book of printed Dirccti-
ons) but yct by taking a few Drops of this moft pleafant de-
licate Cordial, in thé firft Dith of Coffee or Tea, you may then
drink at Liberty; for this great Medicine penetrates through
the whole ne’ vous Syitem, and fo recruits the Brain and Pree-
_cordia with a full Influx of exulting Spirits, which per‘orm the
Bufinefs of vital Function with frefh Alacrity, and new Brisk-
nefS; fo that the Pulfe, whieh lay feeble and wavering, now
falls a beating vigoroully, and with
ever, it wondertully difperies Fear, Sadnefs, confus'd Thoughts,
Twitchings of the Legs and Arms, difturb‘d Sleep, and all the
difmal Train of Vapours and Melancholy. It likewife.ftops
Vomiting, puts off Naueoufnefs, procures a good Appetite,
and is now in preat Efteem amongft Quality of the firft Rank.
Sold only at. G, Strahan's, Bookftller, at the Golden Ball in
Cornhill, over againft the Royal-Exchange, and at no other
Place. Price 2s. 6d. :

ICHARD COATES, late of Fenchurch-ftreet, Vintner,
R and Citizen of London, maketh Oath, ‘That he this Depo-
nent was, for above 4 Years, afflicted with a violent Diftemper,
which was by moft People judg’d to be the Effect of Witch-
craft, his Head, and all his Limbs being diftorted and drawn
into very ftrange unnatural Poftures,; whereupon this De-
ponent apply’d himfelf to feveral eminent Phyficians for
their Affitance therein, and in partienlar to the late J?o-
étor Ratcliff, and Doétor Cade, who, after this Deponent
had been under their Hands for up-vards of four Years, fent
him to the Bath for a Cure, but without any Effect, which,
and his long Languifhing under the faid Diftemper, coft
him upwards of fiye-hundred Pounds, tefides the Kuin of his
Trade, in his Calling ofan Who'efale Tobacconift, notwith-
ftanding all which he found no Relief, but grew ftill_worfe ,
upon which this Deponent hearing of one Mr. Duncan
Campbell, and being made fenfible of many furprizing Cures
which he had performed, as fet forth in the Hiftory of the
f1id Campbell's Life, he, this Deponent, apply’d himfelf to
the faid Duncan Campbell, for his Advice and Affiftance in
the faid Diftemper, who, in a few Months, by God's Blef-
fing, perfectly cured this Deponent thereof, infomuch that
this Neponent hath ever fince (being about ten Years) been
bleffed with avery good ftate of Health, and been totally
freed from the fuid Diftemper. ,
Jur. 8 die Junij. 1725, apud Serjeants-Inn ;

. in Chancery. Q. worm me. —s Rich. Coats.

- . Raymon |

N. B. ‘Whereas a malicious Report has been lately tpread,

of the Death of Mr Duncan Campbell; this is to certify the

Publick, that heis not only living, and in good Health, but

alfo continues to perform Wonders to People in the like Di-

ftrefs, who daily refort to him, athis Honft, the Green Fateh,
at the Cosner of Buckingham-Court, Whitehall.

cat Exaémeis ; more-"

‘ment, or making your

ris 8. hyo - ° Log. wcy des & “ . of Sey
| TH Powder which has met with’ fuch a general Appro~

bation from Multitudes of People, anfwering ia «if.

| Refpects fully tthe Ufe of Coffee, having bad a very large

Demand, the Quantity then. imported not being fntfirient
to anfwer the great Call, fo that many Cuftomers could not,
be fupplied, Care is taken’ that none for the. future be

‘difappointed, a large Parcel being juft arrived exceeding

fine, and right flavoured ; to be had at the firft Houfe en
the left Hand in Bell-Savage-Yard on Ludgate-Hill, made
up in quarter, half, or whoie Pounds, at 23. 6d. per Pound.

Its Quality isextraordinary, and needs no Mixture, being’ ©

drank entire, and approved by the moft judicious: It adis
tq the beft, and makes that whica has lolt its Flavour pers
feStly frehh. oe ,

i .To‘be Letty gf: -. -,

Tue Mannor-Houfe, called Tutiham*Hall, ir the Parifh,
L of Weft-Farley in the County of Kent (withifi 4 Miles.
of Maidfton, and ro of Tunbridge-Wells) containing ten or.
twelve Rooms on a Fieor, ready furaifhed, with’three Acres

of Gardening, alk planted.with the beft and choiceft Fiuits,’
moft of the Gardening being walled in and planted with .

beautiful Greens now in Perfection, together with convenient
Stable and Coach-Houfe Room, w.tha Barn for Hay, and all
other Convenience, and fitteen or twenty Acres of very good
pafture and meadow Ground about the Héufc, and a greater
Quantity (if required,) as alfo the Royalty of the Manor,
and near three Miles command of the Fifhing on the Kiver
Medway, lying before the faid Seat, there being feveral Fifth
Ponds wel] ftored with K'ifh, and no Houfe in the Connty
better fuppiied-with exceilent Water. Enquire of the Rey,
Mr. North at Weft-Farley aforefgid, or Mr. Mat. Cocket at

the Golden-Ball in Dean-Street in Fetter-Lane,and you'may .

know further.

FLestuarium Mirabile: Of, the Admirable Eleétdary,

which intallibly cures all Legrees and Symptoms of the
fecret Difeafe, with more Eafe, speed and Satety, than any,
Medicine yet pubJthed; any ol eenning, &e. though ot
feveral Years ftanding, whether occafioned by an over-{train
Weaknefs of the Seminall, or the Relicts ofa former Infecti-
on, is certainly curd in a fhort Time, without a Minnte’s
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Uie of Aftringents; beinga
Medicine fo wonderfully pleafant and eafy in its Operation,
that the niceft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may take it
with Delight: Two Pots are generally fufficient to compleat
a Cure in moft Cafes. To be nad only ofthe Author Dr. €am,
a Graduate Phyfician, who has publithed it 20 Years, and is,
conitantly ta be advis'd with at his Houfe at the Golden-Ball.
and ramp, in Bow-Church-Yard in Cheapfide, at half a Guineg
© Pot. . : -

Myers, Weaver, living in one of the
ules tn.
™ End New Town, having the Mistoyrune
to havea Piece of Mortar fall into my left Eye, which'oc-

cafioned great Pain and Anguifh, (notwichftanding we ufed -

fuch Means as we were advifed was proper tor the fame} the
faid left Eye became quite Blind, the Sight thereof being
wholly loft, and without any Hopes of ever recovering the
fame, but being bya Friend directed to Mrs. Cater inCa-
ftie-Court, Birchin-Lane,.Cornhill, fhe, ar firft Sight, promi-
fed, under God, to bring me to my Sight agin, and did per-
form the fame in as thort a Fime as could be expe‘ted .

_and this I do that Perfons in my late Condition may know —

where to apply tarGure, as well as a grateful Acknowledg-

-ment for fo great a Cure.

Note, She cures without any Inftrnment ; and fhe infallibly

cures the Ague, without the leaft Grain of Cortex, or thag
‘they call the Jefuits Bark. Price ss. the Vial. No Letteys

received except Poft paid.

Againt the VENEREAL DISEASE.

HF. famous Italian BOLUS, has fo great Succeft in

the Cure of the Venereal Difeafe,. that not one of the

great Numbers tha¢ daily take it mifs of a perfect Cure; and

though fo very cheap as 2s. 6d. each, yet four Boluffés neve
tail to root out and carry off the moft malignant, virnlent:

and obftinate kind of the venereal Difeafct, without Confine-

i Cafe known to any 3 which, if it fails

to do, the Money isreturned. ‘Thisgreat Medicine likewife

deftroys Mercury, and carries it out of the Body, and thereby

relieves thof unfortunate Ferfons who have tallen into bad

Hands i former Cures. Is to be hai only at the Plaming
Sword the.corner of Ruffel-Street, over againft Will's Coffe

Honfe, Covent-Garden ; and if fol at any other Pjace js Coun-.

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Ju-
lep, which is known by many Years Experience to be a ne-
ver failing Medicine in old odftinate Afthma’s, whofeAji ffo-

cating Fit it putso¥ in a Moment; it gives a. pe relief
in ftraining laborious Coughs, that are unmerciftilly trouble-
fome Night and Morning; ’tisa moft excellent Remedy for
Shortnefs of Breath upon any Motion, and in Breathing with
Difficulty, Scraightnefs of the Breaft, wit Hoarfencis and
Wheezing. Nothing exceeds this admirable Julep, fur by onen-
ing the Brouchial Ducts and Ptnumonick Paffages; it pene-
trates in the inmoft Recefles of the iaungs and there meeting
wi h tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Phiegm, fo attenuates,
divides, moves and works it, that by conghing and fpitring, it
expectorates and throws up all firch Matter with the greateft
Eafe and Pleafiire, thereby cleanfing and freeing the Breaft
and Lungs, when ftnffed np and clogged with a heavy Load, and
fo prevents Contimptions, Ulcers of the Lungs, &c. Note,
It isa fafe and pleafant Medicine ; tobe taken by Spoontius,
according to the printed Directions, without the leaf Confines
ment, or Danger of catching Cold. To be had at Mr. George
Strahan’s at the Golden-Bali over-againft the Royal-Exchange,
Cotnhill, and at no other Place. Price 25. 64

Elizabeth Myers, Wife of William.

feel

Coverley’s Fields in’ Mile -
 fore-mentioned,

phew, Scurf,

, iRtinenith when on the Face,
CaP te behad, the red Crown Cakes,

' 'ERING, Writing Mafter and Accomp-

- |. Golden Pen in Pater-Nofter-Row, next

_ JLiover-Houfe Coffee-Houfe, teacheth all the

. .'s'f Great Britain, Arithmetick and Merchant

- ; . . ter a new and eafy Mctlod, approved of by

“iercnants, and alfo 1" ifies young Gentlemen for
; Counting-Honfes, Attorneyg Clerks, the publick
. 2, or any other Bufincié;.and for the Benefit of fuch
~ a ieve not Time to attend the ufual School Hours, may
‘+? cuught there afterwards at reafonable Rates. N. B. At
cat Place aforefaid young Gentlemen may, Ye_reafonably
boarded in a handfome 4:anner, in a large airy. Houle, and
taught with great Expedition thefe ufefu Qualifi

~

This Day is publifhed,

*.* A new Canting Dictionary : Comprehending all the
Terms, ancient and modern, ufed in the feveral Tribes of
Gypfies, Beggars, Shop-lifters, Highwaymen, Foot-Pads, and
all other Clans of Cheats and Villains. Interf perfed with Pre-
verbs, Phrafes, figurative Speeches,&c. Being.a compleat
Gclleétion of all that has been publifhed of that Kind. With
very large Additions of Words never before made_publick.
Detecting under each Head or Order, the. feveral ‘Tricks or
Franks made ufe of by Varletsof all Denomiuations; and
therefore nfeful for all Sorts of People (efpecially Travellers
and Foreigners) to enable them to fecure their Money, and
preferve their Lives. With a Preface, giving an Account of
the Original, Progrefs, &c. of the Canting Crew ; and Ire-
commend:ng Methods for diminithing thefe Varlets, by bet-
ter Employment of the Pcor. To which is added, A com-

~

cations be- ©

. Roberts in Warwick-Lane; and by the Bookfelleis of Lon- |

a Colleétion of Songs in the Canting Dialect. Sold by

on and Weftminfter. Price 1s. 6d, ftiteh'd, zs, bound.

Juft pubdlifhed,
for the Benefit of young Beginners,

*1* Reading made cafy, a large Colleétion of Verfes
out of the Pfalms, and New Teftament, in two Parts, tho
firft being a Collection of Verfs that contain Words of one
Syllable only. The fecond, Verifes having no Words above

~ two Syllables, and printed with a Mark of Divifion between

defigned for the Ufe of young Children in

l
the Syllables, the moft proper Book for

Charity Schools and others, beat
oung Beginners, . Wea ‘
at B jeri , in the ‘County of Effex. Printed for S. Fit-

zer at the Three Bibles in the Minories, and fold by A. Bet-:
tefworth at the Red-Lion in Pater-Nofter-Kow.

Ba gimcce: T the HUNGARY WATER WARE-
eed HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Comb,
1 a Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage-
f Inn on Ludgate-Hill, is fold right French
] Hungary Watcr, being the fame Sort fold.
i feveral Years pat, and is eafily diftinguifhed
from the pernicious counterfeit Sort fold a-

weeies) bout the Town, pretended to be imported
om: Montpelier, &c. Likewife the following toreign Com-
modities are fold at the fame Place, viz. .
BRight French Hungary Water, at 1s. 3d. the Half-Pint
Bott

eC.
ine Florence Oil, at 2s. per Flask.
Riga. Irith Ufquebaugh, at 3 s. the Half-pint Bottle.
Fine Orange-Flower Water, at 15. 6d. per Flask.
~ Right Bar adocs Citron Water, at 4 & per Quart,
i aret at 30 S. . ;
Rie ecate of Leghorn and Bermuda ‘Hatts for Ladies.
N. B. There is a Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Flask, to

prevent Counterfeits. .

and infallible Cure forthe Itch or any itching

toda or fcorbutick Breaking ont whatfoever, though

it be never fo bad or of never fo long ftanding, by a fhecifick
Eleétuary, particularly adapted for that Furpore; and many
Years experienced: It is the moft wonderful Secret in the
World for the Cure of that troublefome Diftemper, and the

- For in twoor three times taking, it certainly clean-
Scurvy: Ei ‘to Admiration, frees

fes and rectifies the Blood and Juiges

em
the very

fo as infallibly to accomplith 4 Cure in two or three Days, to

dthat with the greateft Eafe and Safcty imagi-
2 le. without the leaft Trouble or Confinenient. Is fold on-
ly by Mr. Sanders, Haberdafher of Small Wares, at the Blue.
Ball in Fenchurch-Street, near Aldgate, at 3s. a Box,

T the Dove and Golden Ball in Salisbury-
A Court, Fleet-ftreet, liveth a Gentlewoman
that prepares the nioft excellent Cofmetick or
Beautifiers yet known, as that moft noble Pre-

aration of Pearl, witha particular beautify-
_- ing Fiuid, both which ufed by Ladies of the
© firft Quality; they, with Surprize take away
Redneis, Pimp'es, Roughnefs, Worms, Mor-
Sun-bun, Freckles, Wrinkles Pits of the
Small-Pox, with other Defilements. of the Skin. Likewife
fhe prepares a fine Italian Cream ‘or the Face, Neck, and
Hands, which plumps and fmooths the Skin to Admiration 5
the Nuns White-Pots, and Tower-Street Pots withan Eaft-
India Chinefe Red Liquor, none ee eluth, that no Perfon

s ral a .
felf: It gives a molt natu jy not te bet eed oft

for the Faec, or Hands, and all other Cofmeticks tormerly fold
N

teerd red of grey Hair toa light or dark Brown.

.

Mafter of a Free-School -

anner of Impurities, and abfolutely ftrikes at -
Root oF the Irch oF other *feorbutick Breakings out |.

ret but her- .

White-Pafte, or Cakes .
he has a chymical Liquor. which .

were ct

und
the choiceft An i Hyftericks
-of Melancholy and:

. fed Thor .
, ings of the Arms or Legs .

. the Heart; ant indeed ali other the many and various Symp-
‘ toms that attend this grievons Di

"TINCTURA MIRIFICA s Or, the miraculous Tingture

for the Stone.and Gravel, a few Drops of which momen- }
tarily takes off the moft excrutiating Pains either in the Reins -

or Bladders, and certainly prevents their Return: For it ab-
folutely cures that Diftemper in a wonderful Manner, inftant-
ly removes all Uneafinefs of Difficulty in making Water, heals
all Excoriations, and even Ulcers of the urinary Paflages, re-
laxes the Ureters, fo that {mall Stones, together with Gravel,
and all-mucous, flimy, obftructing Matter, may pafs freely
from the Kidneys to be voided vifibly with Urine, without
Pain, effeétually cleanfes both the Reins and Bladder from
all Impurities, entirely prevents the Stone in thofe that are
troubled with the..Gravel only, affuredly diffolves all large
Stones polfible to be diffolv’d, and likewife brings ali thofe Parts
and Paflages to their due Tone and Vigour, fo as perfeftly
to free the Patient from all the fevere Symptoms and mi-
ferable Effects of that torturing Difeafe: Tis the fafeft Me-
.dicine in the World, and not difagreeable to take , the very
firft Dofe of it abfolutely cures the moft dreaditd Fit of either
Stone or Gravel, in a Minute, giving fuch wondeiful Kelief
and per.cét Eafe, as is indeed very furprifing. Is to te had
only at Mr. Radtord’s Toyfhop, at the K of and Crown againft
St. Clement’s Church-Yard in the Strand, near Arundel-
Street-End, at 3s. 6d. a-Bottle, with Directions,

- .’ . Thefe are to inform the Femae Sex, _
Tet the gentlewoman at the golden ball on puddle dock
hill, near the weft’end of St. pant's church, hath attain’d
‘to a very certain, fate, and expeditious way of curing the
many weaknefles and indifpofitions peculiar to thofe of her
own fex; fuch as barrennefS and mifcartiage in married

_ women the-green ficknefS in maids, and many other grie-

vous Il{neffes that married women, widows and maids are
fubject to, tos tedious here to relate. . oe
On a little difcourfe with the patients, fhe yndges of their
cafes and caufes of illneffes, whether it be barrenefs, which
hath many-known curable canfes ; the diftinct knowledge of
which fhe is miftrefs 5 feveral of which caufes are littie re-
garded, or not known to the patients, therefore rhonght in-
curable 3 or whether mifcarriage, tho’ they have mifcarried
many times, both which fhe cures, through the bleffing of
God, by a Very extraordinary method of exceeding fafe and
plevfant Medicines, which on many Yeats Exverience have
*n found abfolutely effectual for a perfect Cure on great
Numbers of Ladies and Gentlewomen of the beft Note in
the Kingdom, in all the above-mentioned Indifpofitions pe-
culiar'to the Sex. She isto be -advifed with at her Houle
abovementioned, any Day of the Weer. She alfo. anfwers
Cafes. ftated in Letters fent trom the Country, Poft.paid.

HE famous PLAIS¥ER for the Stomach, which infal-
T libly cures all Sorts. of Agues in 24 Hours time, without
any: other Phyfick, as has been h uly experienced by many
Tho in } his | ublick Way oF e for above thefe ten
Years and is now efteemed and recommended by the mo
knowing Bh cians, es ee beft and moft anfall usble {Remedy
or curi § ever was foundsion lot having
been fo much-as once known to fail, A a the Ages that
were cured for fome Years ‘paft, fo as’ not to again
y. ic. Is fold only at W. Bells, “a Bookftlers, at
the Cro&-Keys and Bible in Cornhill, near Stocks-Market,
at 2s. éd, the Gallipot, with Directions. Atthe fame Place
is alfo fold the moft excellent Plaifter for Corns, being the
only infallible one. in the World for giving Eafe and: taking
them quite away without Trouble, as Thoufands have experi-
enced. Price 15..a Box, with Directions. =

- ‘The Great Reftorative,
¥N all hyfteri¢k Difeafes, whither hypochondriack Melancholy
I in Men, or Vapours in Women, however circumftanced, or
to what Degree feever advaneed, or of ever fo long ftanding,
are fpeedily and infallibly cured, fo as neverto return again,
by a pleasant com Medicament, chymically prepared ‘ot

in the whole Art of Chymiftry ;
This Medicine having: cured 'Fhonfands of Men and Women,
apours, may be depended on for a perfect

Cure ; it ftrikes immediately at the firft Caufe of this Diftem-
per, and-entirely deftroys it Root and Branch, rectifying that
vitiited.Ferinent in the Stomach, which is generally the firft
and chief Caufe, aad thereby cures Indigeftion, purifies the
Blood and Spirits, ftrengthens the Brain and Nerves, chears
the whole Frame, ftops Vomiting, clears the Head from confu-
ts, removes Fears, Sadnefs, difturb’d Sleep, Twitch-

. cures. Palpitation or Trembling of

Fe Tee eid ior’ s 6 a: the Boel
satife and tre Et e. for. 4 S..6 € Bottle
sathe Golden Ball on Puddle-Dock-Hill, near Ludgate-Streat,
and no where elfe. me a
SAMOUS Drops for HYPOCONDRIAC MELANCHO-
PAN : Which et tually cure qn the Spot, by rectifying
the Stomach, and Blood, cleanfing them from all Impurities,
and giving 2. new Turn to their Ferment, attenuating all vif-

cous tenacious Humonrs, which make the Head’heavy, clog the
Spirits, conftife the Mind, ahd ciufe the depeft’ Melancholy,

: with direfal Views and black Reflections) comforting the Brain

composi e hurried "Thonghts, and Antroducin,
aright Lively dees aut pleat Brisknels, inftéad of ‘difimal
‘Aporehenfions and dark Encumbrance of the Soul, fetting the
Intelicétuals at Liberty to at, with Cex . a
fteady ChearfilnefS, ang caufing a'vifible ‘diffiifive Joy to reign
in the Room of nneafy Doubts, Fears, &c. for which they
may be truly efteemed infallitie.. Price 3s.6d. a Bottle, with
Diregtions. Sold only. at W, Bells, Bookfeller, at the Urofs-

‘Keys and Bihte in Cornhill, near the Royal-Exchange.

¢ |. fiire the Lampof Life,

- Relicks of fecrec Injuries

’ ill-mdinaged cures ‘of’ the
Jution, inordinate coition ; alfo any weaknefles of the Vette ,
or falls, and all othero

which is the reafon of its being

Courage, Serenity, and -
diffutive J f

To be Lett,

N Pail-Mall next Door to the Lord Pevcivall’s,.a Wont:

‘compleatly

W Hich urlnally difcharges aif the feces or

furnished, the back Part looking ‘into the
: Royal Garden. Enquire at the faid Hout.

WRIGHT's Dinretick, or cleanfing Tincture.

ttrid relicks of

; the Lues Alamode, or Venereal infection, and cdulesg
its Concomitants, the wretched Train of that complicated
Diitemper,. asa-‘mucous, filthy, fanious Matter lodg'din the .
Reins, o fpermatick Parts, which either'caufé a tharpnelsin .

the

ime; or too frequently provokesit. This kKelick is _

difcoverable, partly by the fubfequent Symptonis, viz. by 2 -
Debility or’ ¥ eaknefs of the Back, a Getta naufeous,’ and ,

averting Smell of the Urine, with a

purulent Matter, or

feculent Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or flying in it, with:
Variety of Figures, Farther, this Tincture efpei ally carries

‘off all Relicks of the Venereal Difeafe,
Cures, not only cleanfing the Urinary Pafig
Gravel, Films, .or membraneous Pellicles,

fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftorin

all thei: genital Parts, to their original

Lircctions for its Ufe, only athis Houfe, t
_and two Lamps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate

Hilt,

after ill managed
ges of all Sand,
&e. but after a
one and Gife. th
L ne and Ufe
the Mistortune and Decay be of the longeft Date, w:
qual Succefs in cach Sex. To be had for ros. per

and

, though
with an e-
ttle, with’
e Golden Head”

, VIVIFYING DROPS for BARRENNESS in Women,

and Imbecillity in Men, which renovate

"ment of the Blood, reétify the langnid State ofall the

route, forcify, and incr
eft>aie juvenile Warmth, and caufe a {par

the whole human Syftem, foas affiiredl

y tocur

the vital

Fer-

¢ the Spirits, invigorate the lds,

ardent Courage to flow in the Heart, and expand i i eter :

fition, that by binding down the Spirits, dé refling

and damping the nobie Faculties, extingni

They potently ftrengthen and corroborate
neration, effectually promote the

erienced. And now fold only at Mr.

Strand, near Arundel-itreet End.’ Price
Directions. _ )

and cante Barrennefs and Im

eall Endifpos.
the ‘pO

in a great mea-:
becillity.

Parts of Ge-

‘ A Conception, : ren ;

. Sexes prolifick in a wonderful manner’ as *Thoufands have
1 } Radford’s To
the Rofe and Crown, againft St. Clemerit’s Church-Yard in the

$& the Bottle, with

at

The Grand Spec.fick for cleanfing aud. fixengthning the |

- . Reins, &c,
Medicine that may be
for carrying off by Urine, ftely and §

prepared mercurials, gieets
Venereal Difeaie ; or

from wrenches, ftrains, blows,
ons in the urinary pafiages, even frangnari
perfect
and

and recovers, aftcr a peculiar manner,
vefiels, confirms-the parts,
thereby perfects the cure to admiration.
of uncommon benefit to mankind, beyond
made publick,

ate the ignorance of’ pretenders

depended on as abfolutely. effeftua}
Rae falely ane ipeedily, .all the

ains 0. DErnicious unskilfally
or weaknefiés, through tedions or

rom felt.

ly cured by it, be they of ever fo long Randi &e,
noble f{pecifick is alfo of fingular and very extraordins

are’

scones,
bringing
nogthens
ons of the

and

fe found

ation -
and to obvi_

fora

es ; : in all the cafes . ~
tioned, One bottle, in moft cafes, is fofficientt above-men

erfect —

cure, a5 you will fee by the directions given withit. Sold for

7s. 6d. the bottle ot .fir. juockton's toyfhop at the G

the corner of bucklersbury in the poultry.
- The chymical Liquor for the Yair,

wis gradually changes red, grev;

; difagreable Colour, whether.of the

Into any Degree of a Brown, or, by obfrvin

given with each Bettle, into the moft beguti

ture, that neither Time nor Weather can alter

Jour will for ever remain. as lively as if it naturall

It has, with a gencral Satistaction to the World,

pacers Bury, in the Poultry, where a Lock of Hai

feen that was ftain’d with it
Price half a Guinea a Bottle. If it does not
return the Liquor, andthe Money fhall be

alfo fold, The fovereign Secret for diff!
expelling the GRAVEL, being an
ample Directions. Price 2s,

6d. 2 Bottle.

W

~totally dishgured

Account of it

Hand in Pope's Head Alley, from Cornhill,
,Greg’s Bookieller at Charing-Crof.

LONDON: Printed by N. ALIST, in Great Cacter-Lante.

-

Black in

3.for the Co-* -
y grew fo, -

riffin,
or Hair of ‘ay other

Head or Eye-hro
the Dire‘tion2.

Na:

ten Years by Mr. Lockton, only, at the Griffin, the Cornet .

Great ECLIPSE of the Moon.
; HEREAS on Sunday in ©
the Evening the roth

of Odteber next, a bright ref. |

plendent Fall Moon w,

é rma

ore it was firft expos'd to fale :
prove .infal’ible, >
’ d.. Where
ffolving the STONE, and’
approved Specifi

is’

ck, with -

ll be fo .

as to appear —

its Act

find at

very formidable: An exaét
Traught of the Interpadtion.
srought .of the. Interpofition
of the Earth and its “A
phere between, the Rodies of:
the Sun and Moon is publifh=-
ed, and which Rook is Given /
| Gratis at the Anodyne Necke

. , rl lace without Temple-Bar: At
Mr. Jeremiah Pain’s, the Firft Toy-fhop on the Ri

mof- .

tee

oo .

cacy, where there is any gravel, or eve ffones, ~
flime, or any other matter thatobitrnets the annen el i
all away in a few times taking, with fafety. It fre
all relaxati
bringing ail into right order,
reb It’s a very
medicine, and may be taken with pleafure, and will

 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 18 Sept. 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786176/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 