*

MIST WEEKLY JOURNAL

9

ATUBRDA

Y, JUNE 12, 1725.

— +

re. |
37 &

(Numa. 7.

RoC ae | © I wzs loitering the other Day
Topee em in & Bookfeller’s Shop, I took up
ic A tem} the gext Thing to. my Hand, in
Pa men order.to amule my felf, and ir
be et proved to be a Pamphlet newly.

OL publifhed, containing the Life o

that celebrated Statefman and Polititian, the late
Mr. Sonathan Wild. ,
— Jeall him both. Statefman and Politirian, be-
caufe I do not underftand them to. be fynonimous
Terms; for, I conceive, it is well known to ma-
ny Perfons, ftill living, that there have becn
fome Sratefmen-in the World who never were fo
much as fufpe&ted of being Polititians, as well
as an infinite Number of Politirians who never
were Statefmen. ———- Bur the extraordinary Per-
fon, of whom we are Writing, was an Inftance
of both.

The Hiftorian has curionfly enough accounted
by what fort of Arts gonathan made himfelf con-
fiderable, and drew the Eyes of the admiring
World upen him, he has given many Inftances
of his deep Fetch in Politicks,, when he def-
cribes thar Form, or rather thar Syftem of Govern-
ment which he eftablifhed over the Thieves.

- { fhull nor touch upon any ‘Thing taken Notice
of ‘by thac Writer, but as he has fhewn him in
his publick Capacity, I thall defcribe him in his
Clofer, and give the Obfervations I made by a!
onal Acquaintance, and long Converfatien |
with this great Genius. - . , |
' Perhaps the Readers, may-fmile..to bear me
fpeak ta: fuelrhigh~ Forms, ef-one wha- (10 call}
Thisigs by their proper Names) was no better
than a Thief. ‘I own that the Word Thief is;
generally apply’d by People, who do not value
themfelves upon their Politencfs, to Perfons of;
Mr. Wild's Chara@er. —- Yer I fuppofe it will be;
anted, that a Perfon may be a Rogue, and yer}
a great Man, which may excufe me for em-
loying more gentle Terms when I only {peak of
him as a Man of Parts.

Mr. WILD (like other great Men) had a
Turn of Thought peculiar to himfelf; he was:
not for following the commen Road, he was for
going out of the beacen Paths in Search of Ad-.
ventures, nor was he lefs fingular in his Notions;

ee
72. OSS et

it was his Opinion, that Men of Parts (in = a

Clafs he fometimes included - Thieves and
idle Fellows) fhould be maintained: by the Pub-|
Jick, and whether it was done by picking their |
Pockets, or boidly -by taking them Money by
Force, he thought it much che fame Thing. —
He wasa great Admirer of that Advice, which, ,
it is faid, a Man when he was dying gave his,
Son, ——- Get Money Son, honefily, if -you can ; but,’
however, get Money; and~ would often fay, it muft ;
be a wife. Man, who pronounced that Sen-

Tho’ lié was. Man much given to Contem-.

lation, yer he had read Men more than Books,
‘for he was‘of Opinion, there was more to be
Jearned thereby, fince we are to live by the Li-
ving, not ‘by the Dead; however, he had con-
yverfed enough with Books to pafs for 2 Man of
fome Erudition. — I have often feen his LiBra-
ry, which-confifted of Books, few in Number,
ut well chofen ; I will fay nothing of Tradef-
men’s Shop-Books, which he only deale in his,
Way of Bufinefs, or, I may fay, aa he could lay;
his Hands upon them, for they yielded Money. ,

But the Authors which he ftudy‘d moft were Ma-
chiavel, The Engl:b Rogue, The Lives of the High-

Eneland, a Collettion of Seffons Papers, and Corne~

Thus his Library confifted of a mixture of

Politicks, Law and Hiftory. By what he had ftu-
died of Enelify Hiftory, he found our that there
are more wile Mento be met with in thefe Times,
than any former Age could boaft of; for hereto-
fore it appeared to him as if Men were apt to
give in to fome foolifh Prejudices which hinder
a Man’s thriving and growing great in the World,
fuch as Honour and Confeience, which now, fays
he, your buly pufhing People look upon to be
Chimeras, and therefore you fee that and
and many more, who are rifing People,
don’t make the leaft Pretences to either.

It is certain he underftood no Latin, for he
had employ’d his Time to greater Advantage
than in learning Words; but as he had obferved

fome .Latin Sentences now and then fcartered

thro’ my Work;, an Affeftation, we, the prefent
Set of Writers are much addiéed to, he rook
me to be fomething of a Scholar, and therefore.
confulred me in explaining to him the Annals
of Tacitus: ‘When I-read to him how flavifhly
the Romans fubmitted themfelves to be then go-
verned, he fhook his Head, and faid, thofe were
finc Times to get Money ; for when the Se-

| nate and all the Magiftrates judged and decrecd

no otherwife than as they were dire&ed by the.

Emperor; or his Favorites, . an enterprizing. Man

(under which Denomination he included‘ all

Rogues) had an eafy Game fo play, for, fays he,
it was but touching the Courtiers (I fpeak in his
own Terms) and all was rug ; for Courtiers are al-
avays obfequions to the Towch, .

As ‘he often frequented the Plays, partly for
Pleafure, aud partly for Profit (having generally
Hands at Work there) he much admired that
Scene in the Recruiting Officer, where the Contta-
ble bringing a Man kLefore a Magiftrate. ——'The
Magiftrate demands of the Conftable what he has
to fay againft that Man, motbing, (anfwers the
Conftable,) but that he's an honeff Man. This

‘Sentence always tickled Yonatban, and he faid, he

had rather to have been Author of that Sentence
than the whole play befides, for, added he, this
is Natural, this is taken from Life.

Parts, and has often been heard-to fay, that Men
of Wit, who- have no other Inheritance to main-
tain them, fhould ride the World, and bridle and
faddle che reft of Mankind one way or other ;
but he abhorr’d Quacks or Pretenders in any Art
or Science, and therefore he commended the Po-

licy of the Jefuites,. who having the Education of

Youth committed to them, took Care thar no Fool
fhould be admitted into rheir Society, and he
thought, thar the Rogués in Great Britain fhould
imitate the fame Policy; for tho’ the Faculty, as
he fometimes merrily tiledir, was ina very prof-
rous Way, yer.fo many Fools and Bunglers were
aily thrufting themfelves into it, that with a
heavy Heart he forefaw they would bring Rogwery
into Diferedit, at laf, with the World.—— This. was
owing, he faid, to Mens miftaking their Jo¢lina-
tion for Genius, There are, no doubt'en’t, at this
‘Time, added he, great Numbers of People pof-
fefs'd with ftrong Inclinations for entring into our

Way Men, Cook upon Littleton, Echard'’s Hiftcry of

He bore a very great Veneration for Men of

Society, as they fhew by their daily A@ions, but
they want Parts, they have the Will without the
Skill, Addrefs or Policy, which are che Qualifjes
thar muft bear up Perfons of our Profeffion in the
World.——Where’s the Merit of cheating Women
or Children, Lunaticks, or Ideots? who are not in a-~
ny Capacity of defending themf=lves.-. I would
expel fuch a mean fpirite Profeffor from my
Society, asa Perfon ancwortly of the Name of Rogue,
and unfit for any ingenious Enterprize ; I fhould
contemn him as I would that bragging Soldier,
who boafting of his Courage, faid, that he had
cur, off the Leg of an Enemy in the latt Batele :
It had been braver, mechinks, fays one, who
ftood by, to have cut off his Head:, Oh! fays he,
that was cut off before,

_ N. B. The excellent Letter, fign’d J. Smith is
come to Hand, and if we could give it the Di-
ftin@ion we think ic deferves it fhould be, to
print it in Letters of Gold, but as there is a cer-
tain Perfon in th: World, at prefeny a little too
ftrong for us, we hope our Correfpondent will
take that for an Excufe. , ,

FOREIGN AFFAIRS,

They write from Vienna, that the Baron Van
Ripuerda, who negotiated the late Treaty of
Peace, call’d che Treaty of Vienna, on rhe Part
of Spain, is fhortly to take upon him the Cha~
raCter of Ambaffador Extraordinary from his Ca-
tholick Majefty to the Emperor, and tha: he. is

paring to make a publick Eutry, which, ‘tis
thought, will be the moft mignificenc that ever
was feen there, there being near threefcore rich
Liveries making for that Purpofe——The King of
of Spain intends fhortly to evacuate Port Lan-
gone, and fome other Ports belonging :o Spain oa
the Tufcan Coaft, in Favour of his your veft Son
Don Carlos, who is pre‘umptive Heir to the Great
Duke of Tufcany, immediately after which the -
Emperor will grant the faid Prince the Invefti-
ture of the faid Ports.

We are advifed from Paris, that great Rejoy-
cings huve been made at Strasburg, and in all Al-
face, upon the King’s declaring his Marriage with
the Princefs of Poland; the Ladies of rhe Court
have been very inquifitive concerning che Fancy
of that Princefs in Drefs ; and it feems, they find
fhe never wears the loofe Gowns, which the |
French Ladies put on to cover an Undrefs, but
laces eyery Day ;-——befides which fhe is an Ene~
my to Paint, a Reformation which will go a lirrle
againft the Grain in France. As to her Perfon,
fhe has light Brown Hair, a clear Complexion,
her Stature betwixt the tall and the fhort, am
eafy taper Shape, and fomething very pleafing in
her Afpe& when you look on her all together

They write from Lisbon, that the two extra~
ordinary Councils, the Marriages of the Prince
of Brazil with the Infunta-of Spain, and of
the Prince of the Afturia’s: with the Infanta of
Portugal, (whofe Name is Mary Barbara) were
refolved upon.
. An Englifh Ship has rough the News i
Leghorn, that the Crews of three Galliotsrghery
Tunis in Barbary, had landed in the Iflagé_gpe
Minorca, near Port Mahon, but were attapies
by fome Englith Troops there, and after a wingg
Difpute, took 140 of their Chriltian Slaves, are
two of the Galliots. Wand

 —_— -—; ——-

Diblin, Sune 1. Laft Week a va guantity of

%ocd’s Half-pence was exported from our Cu-
{tormn-Houfe.

Edinburgh, June 1. Laft Tuefday a Brewer's
Servx:t in this City, drawing Water, the Chain
of ¢.2 Bucket broke, which fell into the Well
and :.¢ Servant along with it, and was killed.

Tor) ‘une 5. On Tyefday laft two melan-
choly ..ccidents happen‘d here: A young Man,
Apprentice toa very noted Book(feller in this Ci-
ty, hanged himfelf, after having been at the fix a

. Clock Morning Prayers atthe Minfter ; he open'd

the Shop when he caine back, and then went up
Stairs into a Garret, where he was found pre-
fently after, hung by the Neck and quite dead.
He, withthrce Brothers more, were the Sons of
a Clergyman, who being dead, had left ‘em all
pretty Fortunes, which is new come to one of
"em; for it is remarkable, that one went to Sca

. and was drown'd, another was kill’d by a Blow

from a Horfe, and the third his own Executiover.

Tie fame Day at Clifton, about a Mile hence,
one Matthew Rider, who having been fickin Bed
for three Weeks paft, got out and drown’d him-
{clf ina Pond that was at the Back of his Houfe:
"Twas never obferv'd, during his Iinefs, chat his
Mind or Senfes were the leaft diforder’d. —-Mr.
Thompfon, one of our Members, is juft come
trom London, with a Writ in his Pocker, in or-
der to be rechofe after his having accepted of a
Place : We do not hear of any Oppofition to him.

Dover, Yue 5. This Day the Count and Coup-
tefs de Lippe fail’d hence for Calajs jn the Packet.

Rochefler, Zune 3. Great Complaint is made here
of certain Maritime Gentlemen, who commit
prievous Outrages in the Night time on the Inha-
bitunts, fome too indecent to name ; but among
the reft of their Pradtices, is one call’d, Saweating
of « Patient, thatis, if three or four of them are
together, and meet a Man in the Street, late,
they all draw thcir Swords, and with their Can
in their other Hands, beat him til they are wea-
ry, which has obliged honeft People, who have
Occafion to be our at that time, to provide them-
felves with Arms ; and t'other Day, a Gentleman
fo treated, had the Coprage to run one of thefe
abufive Fellows through the Mouth, by which he
is become Speechlefs,

Bath, Funeg. Since my Saft arriv’d here my
Lord and Lady Harvy,: Mr. Manfel, Lady Betty
Manfel, Sir Will. Courtney's. Lady and her four
Daughters, Bifhop Landaff and’s Lady, &c. but
the bad Weather hindérs the Place from filling.

LONDON, Féne 2.

Promotions. Gray Longyéville, Efq; is appoin-
ted Bath King of Arms. _—_—--—- William Crofly,
Efg; is made Licurenant in Gencral Willes’s Re-
giment of Foot. Thomas Bloodworth, Efq;
Cornet in Colonel Churchill's Regimen: of Dra
goons.———T he Reverend Mr. James Ferguffon is
prefented to the Vicarage of Old Windfor in Berk-
fhire. The Rev. Mr. John Walker to the Vi-
carage of Cleyedon in Sqmerfcthhire,-——- The
Rey. Mr. Bickerton of Newdigate, to the Refto-
ry of Newdigate in the County of Surrey.——

ames'Wart, Efg; Lieutenant in General Nichol-
fon's Independent Company, doing Duty‘in South
Carolina, ——Arthur Manwaring, Efg; Cornet in
Colonel Cholmondley’s Dragoons. Thomas
Eaton, Efq; Adjutart in the firft Troop of Horfe
Guards, commanded by the Ld. Herbert. :

Wednefday jn the Evening, the Sardinian Am-
baffador, and the Envoy of Parma, fet out for
Hanover, — ,

We have melancholy Accounts from feveral
Plates in the Country, of great Damages done by
-the

where the River Avon overflowing its Banks, faid
eat Tra&s of Land under Water. The like
ath Mappen’d in fome Parts: of Leiceftcrfhire,
Bedfordfhire, Notrtinghamfhire and Yorkshire;
and the Poft Boys, with Letters from Wellinbo-

‘rough and Derby, were in great Danger, being
ene

oblig’d to fwim their Horfes jn paffing the Rivers.
he Inftallation of the Knights of the Bath is
fix'd-for Thurfday. ‘They are to affemble in the
Prince’s Chamber at Weftminfter, and to proceed
from thence, in their ‘rich Habits, thro’ the Old
and New Palace-Yards, thro’ King-Street, the
San&tuary, and enter at the Weft-Deor of the Ab-
bey. Their Badge is Three Gold Crowns Fleury
Embofs'd, and this Motto, ‘Tria yuntta in Uno.
Wednefday the Marquis de Cortance, Envoy
Extraordinary from the King of Sardinia, cm-
burqued for Holland, on his Way to Hanover.
he Right Honourable the Lord Chancellor of
Ireland embarques at Holyhead en Monday fart-
night for that Kingdom.
Sir George Oxendon, Bart. one of the Lords
of the Admiralty, is re-ele&ed Reprefentative of
the Port of Sandwich, 7

On Tuefday aft, Thomas Scawen, of Cafhal- |

ton in Surrey, Efq; Son of Sir Thomas Scawen,
Alderman of'this Ciry, alfo Nephew and Heir of
Sir Willjam Scawen deceafed, reputed one of the
risheft Commoners ii England, was married by
hig Grace the Archbifhop of Canterbury to the
Hon, Mrs. Ruffel, only Daughter and Heirefs of
the late Lord james Rufflel, a young Lady of a
very great Fortune.

The Lord Vifcount Montacute of Cowdry in
Suffex, wich his Lady, embarqued at Dieppe to
return to England fait Monday fe'nnight; and bs-
ing came tu the Coaft of Suffex, a great Storm a-
rofe, that drove them back tothe Coaft of Hol-
land; but Jaft Week they arrived here. |

A few Days ago, a Dutch Ship from St. Ubes
was, by bad Weather, wreck'd near Beachy-Head:
in Suffex; but the Mafter'and Men were faved.

The Princeffes Ann, Carolina and Amelia, re+
moved laft 'Tuefday from St. James’s to Kenfing-
ton, and Yefterday the youngeft Princeffes Mary
and Louifa removed to Richmond, where ‘tis faid
their Royal Highneffes the Prince and Princefs
of Wales go this Day to fpend. the Summer Seafon.

A Patent has lately pafled the Great Seal for
erefting a College in the: Tfland of Bermudas,
for the Propagation of the Gofpel among the In-
dians and other Heathens on the Continent of
America, whereof Dr.. Berkeley, Dean of Lon:
donderry in Ireland, is conftiruted the Principal. .

Brigadier Dormer is appointed his Majefty's
Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of Portugal,
in the Room of Sir Thomas Lumley Saunderfon,
Kt. of the Bath. | ,

On -Wednefday laft was held a General Court
of the London-Affurance, when it-was. refolved.
unanimonfly to enlarge their Capital, by the
Sale of 12000 Shares, to be fub{cribed for at 13 1.
purchale five Pounds of which is to be paid down,

our Pounds in O&ober next, and the remain-

ing four Pounds in February. The encreafe.o
the Company's Bufinefs is the Occaffon of this
Sub{cription, ro -

On Thurfday the 3d Inftant, between five and
fix in the Afternoon, the Carolina Yacht having
the King on board, and the other Royal Yachts,
weighed Anchor from Greenwich, the little Wind
there was then being full. againft them, and went
down with the Tide to the End of Long-Reach.
On Friday Morning early they. proceeded from
thence, and

with the Tide got to.Gravefend and | Reverend Mr. Wheatly,
) there anchored. ‘That afternoon the Wind com- | ditch ;
Joo@s, particularly in the Vale of Evefham, jing ‘freth at Welt, they fet Sail,” againft Tide, |

and at Night got to the:.Nore, where Sir Joho
Norris Jay ready with the Squadron appointed to
aitend his Majefty. On Saturday Morning at
Break of Day they weighed, and with a fair Wind

ut to Seca. Butin alittle Time the Wind came
Faterly, fo that they were obliged to work their
Paffage againft it, bue without Storm or hard
Weather, till Sunday Noon, abour: which Time

they deferied Land. -That Afternoon the Wind.

bejng at South Eaft, they isd Thunder'and Lighs-

ning, Rain, and Squavils of Wind. Towards Night »

a fair South Weft Wind fprung up, but it was
judged proper to lye by and drive till Break of
ay.
and Six in the Morning, his Majefty failed over
the Hinder, with a frefh Gale at South Weft :
Captain Herdman, Commander of his Majefty’s
Ship the Rofe, was then fent away by. Ad-
miral Norris with the News of his Majefty’s fafe
Arrival in Holland. Captain Herdman came in-
to Yarmouth Road, and difpatched an Exprefs
to the Admiralty which arrived on Tnefday Night.
Wcdnefday Morning a Meffenger arrived with
Advice, that about Seven a-Clock on Monday.
Morning his Majefty was failing up the Maes
with a fair Wind and Tide to’Spravenddel, where
his Majefty was to go on board the States Yatcha,
The fame Day in che Evening the Lords Jufti-
ces met at the Ceck-pit Whitehall, and opened
their Commiflion. Their Excellencies have been
pleafed tq appointed Gharles Delafaye, Efq; to be
their Secretary. |
The young Pyrate mentioned in our Jaf; run
away from Sanéa Cruz in the Canaries, the Ma-
fter, named Hall, was afhore, when the Crew
confifting of 12 Men, cut the Veflel from her
Anchors. © She is mounted with 8 Guns and

fowr Pattereroes, has made’ a great Noife a-

‘mong the Merchants, and given them Pain for

their Ships upon our Coaft ; for the Sunderland,
Captain. Hutchenfon, from Eaft-India, coming up

between the Downs and the Swyn was alarm'd by |

fuch a Veffel dodging abour chem; te prevent a
Surprize, they made a clear Shi fhotted all thei
Guns and rin them out; at Sight of which: the
fiuppofed pyratical Veflel tack’d and ftood from
them down the Swyn again. The faid India«
Man is fince arrived in the River, and. lay at
Woolwich when his Majefty paffed “by in the
Yatch, whom fhe faluted with 2: Guns, buta
Miftake happening in drawing the faid Guns after
they had been fhotted on Account of ‘the Pyrate,
the 5th Gun was fired with a Shot init, which
pafled over the Murfhes on the Effex fhore, to-
wards Plaiftow, and did no Mifchief : Such
Accidents have: been of fatal Confequence fome-
times. We remember in the late War, in faluting
Sir George Bing (now Lord Torrington) at Lis-
bon, a Shot was fired into rhe Admirals own Ship,
which killed one.Man, and wounded another. ’
Yefterday Gow, alias Smith, J. Williams and 7.
other Pirates weré.executed at Execution Dock;
the ¢ mentioned were afterwards hung in Chains
on the’River Shore ; the firft over again Black-
wali, and the other againft Debtford,. on Gibbets
erefted for the purpofe. Weaver, Moor, Rob, repriev'd,
- ?Yis faid: Mr. Annefly, lately diyorc'd from his.
Wife, is going into Holy Orders. ,
_ We hear there will he Balls ar Richmond three
times a Week, .. - oo
_. To Morrow qwill be preached two Charity Sermons at

the Parifo: Church of st. Margaret Lothbury, for the —

Benefit of Fifty Boys, belonging to St. Giles's Cvipple-
fate, Middlefex, without ; the Morning Sermon b

that in the Afternoon by the Rey. Mr. Saunkers..
- There will be Sermons preachel in. the Britifo Lans

On Monday-the 7th Inftanr hetween Five .

Leéluver of St, Leonard’ Shore-. )

*
Sense apm manne -

ote it .
 lavage to Morrow, and to Morrow Se'nnight, at St.
Games Cakenwell, Prayers will. begin about Four a
VCfock in thia-Afteriioon. - . en
{  Sowtli-Sea Stock is 122, one qr. Indi 162,
3.qi. Bank 133, one half. African 10, 3 gts.
: ADVERTISEMENT &
: wee’) he lett at Thorpe in Surrey,. wichin haifa Mile of the
’ ZL. River Thames, five Miles of Windfor, and feyen of
-amvton Court; and a. Mile of Chertfey and Stains, two
} Market Towns, in.a pleafant:Country, “a- very handfome
’ new built: Hout, with Stone: Columns in -the Front, four
- Rooms on a Floor and Clofets, good Cellar and other Con-
veniencies, fit for a Perfon of Qmlity or any Gentleman,
: with a very pretty Court-Yard, Stables, ‘Hay-loft, Coach-
hoife, Brew-houft, Wath-houfe, Grainery, and other Out-
: Offiecs, with an Orehard well planted, containing gbour ;
" Acres of fruitful good Land. Enquire of Mr. Benjamin Short
in Milman-ftreet near the New Chappel in Lambs-conduit,
- London,. or Mr. Richard Bartholomew in the faid Houle.

+ @Tolen or frayed on Thurflay Night the-reth of June, out
S of the Grounds of Thomas-Dod1%" Dulwych in Surry, a
dapple, grey Mare, 13 Handsand a halfhigh, a Sear an her
near Footlock before, a forig Tai!, fill 7 Years.old, well fer’,
Whoever brings the faid Mare to Mr. John Pinckard, Farrier
of Newington-butts, in the fald County, thall receive of him
gos. Reward, andno Queftions ask'd.

Very gooi Houfe to be lett, well fitted up for a Coffee-
A houfe; with Conyeniency to brew. Enquire at the
Caftie, overagiinft the Sgn Tavern in Silver-ftreet, near
— Golden Square, -
* BOOKS onrinted, and fold by J. Stone, under the Crown
Coffee-houfe again Bedford-Row, Jockey-Fields.

* * Greech’s Lucretius, 2 Vols. 8vo. ros, Drelincourt on
 Teath abride’d, r2md. 28. Hiftory of Romances, by Huet,
: yomo, 18. Life and Charatter of Jane Shore. 6d. Life of
' William Fuller, r2mo. 1& 6d. Paltorals, by Mr. Philips, 6d.
- Tale of 2 Tub, reams. Cuts and Notes, 25. 6d. Where may

be had the full Value for any Lor or Parcel of Books.
| , publifh’d, ,

“'* A Collection of Sermons by Mr, Collier, at sx. per
Book, in Sheets, large Paper res. To be hadof Mr. Smith and
the Author, 2t the Bell the Corner of Lambs-Condnit Paf-
fage in Ret-Lion-ftreet Holbonrn. Where may be had the

. Anthor's Ecclefiaftical Hiftory, and Appendix to Morery’e

idtionary. .
Dictionary This Day is publith'd, .
** Gol's Mercies to Great Britain. A Sermon preached
before the Univerfity of Cambridge, May 29. 1729, on Pfalm
, cvii. 43. Whofo is wife, and will obferve thofe-'Things, even
' they Shall nnderftand the loving Kindnefs of the Lord. Ry
| John Holdfworth, M. A. Printed by J. Read in White-
| Eryers, and fold by T. Wasner, at the Blaek-Roy in Pater-
Notter-Row; and A. Dodd, at the Peacock without Temple-
Rar. ‘Where alfo may be had, The great Danger of Pre-
\ fumption, a: Sermon lately publith’d by the fame Author.
*)* The Life of Jonathan Wild, from his Birth to his
| Death; ‘containing his Rife and P fs in Roguery, his

This Day is pnblithed, the ad- Volume (with a compleat In-].
dex. ne both, Volumes,. and a Map of the Kaads by Mu. ¢
© A ‘Four thro’ the whole Mfland of Great Britain, divi-
ded into Circuits or Jontnies. Giving a particular and diver-
ting Acconat o“ whatever is Curlons'and worth Opfervation,
viz. I. A Difcrivtion of th: principal Cities and Towns,
their Situation, Mignitude, Government, and Commerce.
If. The Cuftons, Manners, Speech, as alfo the Exercifes,
Diverfions and Binoloyment of the People. I{l. The Produce
ani Improvement of. the Lands, the Trade and Mannfa-
etures. IV. The Sea-Ports and Fortifications, the Courfe of
Rivers, and the Inland Navigition. V. Tne poblick Edifices,
Seats, atid Palaces of the Nobifity and Gentry. With ufe-
ful Obfervations upan the Whole. .Particulatly fitted for the
reading of fitch as deire to travel over the Ifkind. By 2 Gen.
tleman. Printed and fold by G. Strahan, in Cornhill, W.
Mers, at the Lamb without Temple-Bar; R. Francklin,
vnder rom's Coffee houfe, C went-Garden ; S. Chapman, and
J. Jackfon, in Pall-Mail, and.J. Stagg, in Weftminiter-Hall.
Juft publi—thed, .
*+* A erie, authentick and impartial Titory, of the Life
and glorious Actions of the CZAR_of MUSCOVY: Fro
his birth to hisdeath. Containing, JT. an exact account ohis
title, defcent, family and iflue.- II. His deteStion of the
feveral plots formed agizin{t him, and his nunifhment of the
confpirators. FIT. Wars with the turks, fwedes and po-
landers; andhis fnecefsful and unvaralieled conquefrs over
thofe people. IV. Histravels into Eurone, &c, for the im-
provement of arts, fciences, military difcipline and naval af-
fairs, more particularly to germany, holland, and the courts
of England and France. . His remarkable fneech ar his
retum home. Vi proceetings againit the Czrrewitz his
fon, hisnoninatiog of a fucesfor, his ficknefs, tewh and
interment. The whole conniled from the Xutian, High
Dutch and French languages, {cate paners, 2nd other publick
authorities. Printed for A Bettefworth in Pater Nofter Row,
G. Strahan; W. Meadows, in Cornhill; J. Staggin Weft-
minfcer Hill; J. Graves in Sc. James's S:reet; S. vet

“Mr XI hatito on Day ty pubtifhed.

ee r. Kirkalls Twelve Prints in-Chiaro Of ;
the original Drawings of the heft Mattes? Phoke Sater
bers who have-not had their Szrts, may receive them at the
‘Author's in Wine-Office Conrt ia Fleet-ftreer.: “There ig
likewife publithes, fix Academy Figures with a Fronti fniere,
drawn from the: Life, by the late Mr. Cheron. Alfo 2 Mo:
numental Defign, with the Efgies of Sir Chritopher Wren
drawn by Afr. H. Cooke inan [mporial haif Sheer with fe2
veral other Prints not publithed before ; all fo'd by: the Au-
thor and the Prin:fellers.in London, rs

Entlemen have Mon-y to lay ont in the Purchafe of An-
Cy nuities.---Of Place: <r Eife. OF Eftates ia the Counting
af Berks, Bucks, Oxfor!, ®edtord, Surrey, Kent, Midttefex
or Effex, of a Farmin Tartfordthire. Pn Houle and Gar-
densnearthe Thames. O°a good Hout, Offiess and Gar tens
within so Miles of London. Of a D:an and Chanter’s Houle,
Weftminfter.. OF Ground Rents, or Frechold Houtes in Lone

min in vall-mall; &. Frankling In Covent Garden; J.
Harting in St. martin’s-lane ; T. Edlinin che Scrand, and J.
Jackfon near St. James’s Houle, price ss. °

Juft publith’d, and ready to be deliver’d to the Subferibers, by
“_the Under-hker, T. Elin, at the Prince’s Arms, over. a-

don or Middleftx.--- To be fold 2 Farm of 75]. 94 :
Hampfhire: An Eftate of Frechold Houfes in Dite ‘A
Farm in the Tilt of Wight. A Freehold Eftate in Wanping,
A Copyhold Eftate in Middiefex. Several Leatthold Houfes
in Middlefex.---- A Perfon has Money to lend upon Seenrice
ties. ---Letters to be fent to Mr. Spencely at Buxcon’s Coie.
houfe in-Berry-freet, Sr. james’s  Poft paid 6 °°
HENRY COX, living next Dn é
=) { Sign of the Falcon, again the Cine
cavern in ntolborn, having, by a €
. . > Which fell into my F
Sight, infamuch that I did never exnet tect oer
bro be ta fee again, bat pappily was advifed to make
of Mrs. Cater, who, not only at firft Sight, to my no fal
Comfort, told me } was curable, and alfa did,’ under. God. oer
form the fame in as fhort ‘Time as could be expe ed’, ‘and
this Edo for no other Intent but for the Good and Benefir of
te ives in eCourt, Birchin-Lane he. Sig .
Hand and Eye. ’ n-Lane, av the Sign of ths
ote, She cures without any Tnftrument ; "i
cures the Agne, without the leaft Grain te Corte alibly
they call the Jefuits Bark. Price five Shillings the Vial N
Letters received except Poft paid. eee ie NS

Mav 30, I72¢
: len out ‘ofthe Stable of Mr. Nicholas Flo
Exeter-Exchange in the Strand: 0 . ’ nas lower, at Ke-
Fe The Ret Mr. STRYPE'. ANNALS of the. RE- S town, west Bromley in Kent; a black Gelding ts Hands
Biihop Burnet's Hiltory, brought down to the asd Year of Spots, and one white Heel, with anew tannd Sela 4f
the Reign of Queen Elizaberh, With large Appe:dixes of | offered to be fold, pray ftop him and the P thal |
raluable original Papers. This Book is aporoved 1 Dray a erfon, and they hall
the nok Reverend Rench of Bifhops, and dedicated to ch have Tene nneas Regard, and all reafonable Charges, of Ma
Majefty, by whom the Author was mot gracionfly recived. |ar Mrs Tnnocent’s at the Waite ae: af, Southwark + ox
Sold by T. Eatin, as above, Mefl Tnnys at the Weft-Rndof eT o be Lette omer Iq Keit.
St. Pant’ trefworth in Pater-Nofter-Row, and G. Stra- | en ag, . _ ’
han io ComhitL. Prince 21. ros. in Sheets. A’ fmall-Num- T. Maidenhead in Berks, 22 Milcs from London, 4 Miles
ber are printed on farge Paper, for the Curious, Price four |- i Ste " mt h? Sots f Road to Bath, a good brick Uf,"
u) | | | . > °
ave Vols Oa be Let at Midfummer next, — Ga OrenOtr ee Ponders peor tes. Baquire ac Mr. That
vs : ahéad,
THE mannor houf, Called Tutfham hl, inthe parith Houfe jn St. Margaret's Chureh-¥ard in Waultninte ees

of Weft fariey in the connty of Kent (-vithin four mile ;
of Maidfton, and ten of Tunbridge we'ls)-concaining ten or TPrert ont We Ineftay the od of June, at the Britith Gotha
twelve room on a floor, ready furnithed, with three acres | 47 Houle, Charing-Crofs, or at Caveae’s Tavern in the City,
of B rdening, all planted with the befe and choiceft fruits, Whoev Coach between the faid P.uce, a Bank Note of' sok
moft of the gardéning being walled in, and planted with Cro that have fing Gag to Ror-=tt SC fiee-hont,, Charing-
N.’B. Payment is ftopt at the Banks =f Count ask

-firt Acquaintance with Thieves, by what Artshe made him-
1f their-Heéad or Governor, his Difcipline over them, his
| Boltcy and preat Cunning in governing them, the feveral
| Ctafles of Thievesunder his Gommand, in which all his In-
i trigaes, Plots and Aitifices age accounted for and laid open,
intermix’d with feveral diverting Stories. By H. D. late Clerk
to Juftice R~-. Printet for F. Wamerat the Black-Boy in Pa-
ter-nofter-row. -Pnice one Shilling.

teantitul greens now jn perfection, together with eonvenient
Stable and Coach-ho oom, with a Barn for Hay and all

; , eos Date: ther Convenience, and fifteen or twenty Acres of very good | +ULAPIT .
On Monday taft was publith a the paint Edition, corrected, pifcure and meadow reund about the houft, and a greater len, Roh ts Boone beso € the Afthmatick, Ju,
“2 W of LONDON and WESPMINSTER nantity (i* required) as alfo the royalty o* the manner,| J sey failing Medicine ig old obftinate Atthma's woo tiie
the TOWNSPY, containing, among many other’ dz | and neat three miles command of the fifhing. on the river | cating’ Bic it. phtsoff ia a Moments it gives series Reked
varting Matters, new Votes and Schemes of the Irifh Socie- | Medway, lying betore the t, there being feveral fith | in straining laborious Coughs, thar are unmercifully trouble- .

; ds well ftored with fifth, aud no houft in the count he . Sy
ty of eee ee bept Of the awyas at aivew'a: the vent tan r fpplied with excellent water. Enauire of the VL fome Nipit and Morning; ’tisa moft ecellent Remedy fr
. i] ca

i } “fs of Breath npon any Motion, and in B j :
A Mr. North at weft farley aforefajd?, or Mr. Mat. Cocket at Shortnets 0 ach TIpON any , ani in Breathing wirh
nd Low Church Mob at St. Brides,-che Blackfryers Printesz, : * Difficulcy, StraightriefS of the Breaft, wich H 7 ;
and the Lardgate-hill Mereers, An. Account of Jonathan Ee etches in Dean Strect in Fetter Lane, and you may | uyheesing. Nockia exceeds thisadmirable Julen, for he noes
thea cof elo fons frau went x Seat as balk e TE ROYAL CORDIAL TINCTURE, whofe Excel ere inthe ian Arete ore ene Paftiges ; it nenes
udul abi asides 1] : BU ATS, WI 1°} tra ecetle , ing
she eerdiecohtet dee in his Blo , high! nece(fary tobe ned T lencies have been formerly mentioned in this Paper, it 0 sot th a and there meeting

at this-time in Great Britain. A r of a City Churel-

warden, the Cuftoms of the Citizenson the Sahbath-day, the
(| Pride, Tntrigues, and Degeneracy of the City Wives, ofthe
. Band of Petticoat Pentioners begetting yonng Merchants
+ and Shopkeepers: Alfo of the Adventnres of N--rt--n and
{ Rodigo, two famors Stallions &e. Sold by F. Warner, at
; he Black Boy in Pater Naftef Row, and by the Booksellers
*, of London and Weftminiter. Priee one Shilling. .
: uft publithed, (dedieated to the

_ ee

with tough, thick, cold, clammy, flimy Ph fo atten
divides, moves and works it, that by e-nehineg. and fbitring, it
expectoratés and throws wall fach Matter with the greateft
Eafe and Pleafure, thereby cleanfing ani freeing the Breaft
and Lungs, when ftuffed up and clogged with a heavy Load, and °
fo prevents Confiumntions, Ulcers of the Tangs, &e. Note,
It isa fafe and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken by Snnon‘uls,
according to the printed Diretions, withcut the leeft Confine-
ment, or Danger of catching Cold, To behadat Mr. George
Strahan’s at the Golden-Ball over-againft the Royal-Exchangs
Cornhil!, and at no other Place. Brice aegoa 6 “Oe 4
. Againft the VENEREAL DISEASE.
— WR demons Italian BOLUS, has. fo great Succes in
the Cure of the Venereal. Diterfe, that not one ¢f thé

being the moft fovereign Medicine, and effettnal Cure for
the Cholick bealing. the Bowcels, creating Appetite, and re-

ealth 3; as ikewife preventing the Gout from enrring
into the Head or Stamach. Soldonly at Mr. V. Grimttead's
at the Black Swan, in St. Paul’s Churech-Yard; Mys, Cooper's
Toyfhop, the Corlier of Charles-Street in the Strand, and
by the Maker, at the Green Lamp in Swallow-Street, Ficka-.
dilly, at 3s. 6d. each Bottle... Where may be likewife had
the true Holt Water, for feorbutick Humours, . .

J King) ee , .

* © The State of the Nation. In. refpeét to- her Com- Lecnarium Mirabile: Or, the Admirable Electuary

mefce, Debts, and Money” By Erafmus Philips, EG; Sold E whith infallibly cures all Degrees and Symptoms of t d

| by James Woodman aud havi Lyon in Ruf€l- Co- Secret DifvafY, with more Eafe, Speed and Safety, than any

vent garden 5 Mr. Strahan in St James’ ae tee Graves ‘M icine LGA tore 4 es a ie Running, &e. though of fe-

next White's Chocolate houte in St, james sRrect; price 2. | vera, bee inB) . jon'd by an over-ftrain, | great Numbers that daily take it mifs ofa perivs :

| This Day is publith’d the 3d Edition of, WH Coeainty curd tag Mort. Time ‘eithons oe Mieeeref ee ge Nore CoA as 28, 6d. cach, yer four Bolufies never

pcan, General Hiltory of the PYR ATES) from their im Cohfinemeat, Bafbicion, or the Ue of Aniiogents bemg & Fall ER eae and carry off the moft malignant, virulent,

nt in the of Providence IMe.: . : MEGS | a oftinate kin ‘eneri i ' :

With the remarkable Aétions ‘and Adve tures of the two | Medicine fo wonderfa y pleafant and eafy in its on, ind of the venerial Difcate, without, Confine
Female Pyrates, Mary’ Read, and Anne Bonny, contained

i that ‘the niceft Ralate, of weakeft Conititntion; may take it | to éoy the Mones invetarcde Ten roe ee eS
Chapters, treating of the followi Captains and pe r
Avery, Martel, Teach, alias’ Blackbeard, “Bon-

with Delight: .Two Pots are generally fufficient to compleat | dafttéys Mercury. and carries j
Crevis, Vit | | * {a Gurein mot Gals, “To be had only of the Author Dr. Camstelieves thole wforeanare Berions, who have: lien ieee
net, En land, Vane, Rackum, Davis, Roberts, Anftis Wor- fhed :
ey; Lowther, Low, Evans, Ehillipss Sprig, and Smith, alias

y
a Graduate. Phyfician, who has p it 30 ¥ and-is rae
conftantly to be advis'd with ‘at his Hon'e at the Golten Bell Hands in former Cures. Is to be had only at the Flaming

_ Gow, who was exccatedon Friday at Execution Dock. Printed .

. gor T. Warner ag the Black-boy in Pater-Nofter-Row. Pr. 53.

Sword the Comer of Ruffe!-Streer, over-againft Will's Coffees

and Lamp; in Bow Church-Yard in Cheapfide, at balt a Guinea Honfe, Covent-Garden ; end if fold ar gay other Plage ig Gay
 coer re ‘
Sectiand ; confifting
be‘ore printet, Ww

State, never

Hitt-ry of that Quecn 5

Pro and Con.

Writer to his Majefty ‘s Signet, and mae
In ¢ Vols: in a latge
toute Sunferibers the beginning of Augutt next, and the qt h
: |
. ney be tonvidted of of the § purfestly cased by it,
ne serah ety fic conve hob M4 cltiek is of ine and very exeraonN

o's Head on

in November next, next.
ns taken in, by M
Welt-End of S¢
Mr. Vaillant in ‘the Strand odma
vent Gardens and by
n
. the South-$i ide
all which Biness the Boo

. Thefe
Bat lately ublith'd " Ktefficure

uttice
ns ents the be Pont che fee ink, ns of the ja

Revifed

he Student's Com
Lats of Pengland: Shewing the prinel

Se eg eel a
en nts, not © . |
ther W Law it AT fo as to convey toall

ate given ont for publi
ting to the Hiltory
chiedy of fevers

» whieh a
with fort final
and publifhed by

Quarto, gn fiat : the, telat, Lo Aad that
ery near finite ' and erie he Wherwot ie cber in Hell pees OY be mple te e-a, Prem an nd shee
fale are given out and 8)

Scrahan in Corphill
Paul's, ay Brown | wichoue

be
CollecHona are qui
Woadlman

Cates; together | with the La W

scat
fectflary itr Sein Stu
without Temple-Bar. :

, Mut Caan

our Couts, re
Drawing, | and
Courts

mine W

R Worthi Vote and Intetet is humbl ‘defired |
S} : doors y yer of London, your for. | diftovera
fed. He has been a Livery Man pate

Years sand ferved m fuculent Sordes, refiding

fax in au and |, all’ Relleka of the Venera! nen uft

uced to very low C reumftance :
nd ancient wit and Pe ey Grav

Vote and Intercft on Miditim- ail helt geni

for George Smith,
me Retitioner, tobe
Ge dere

Coinpany fra

wer Day next! And Ny,
hall ever Pray, &c, Note,
to be as early in th

ftay till the

ers, t tal anawied eof the Law
Te A nced Goce at Addlyon’s

‘Affidavits 5 and a!

peal Pyarlery of Forms
ufes. To

Ca
fitions and Interrogatori
mth Directions be "Fa to

cers 6d,

mo vectet

) Gocen Ate saen, but th

above Seventy Years, and having an
, defires your

‘our petionets as in Duty

Favour of m0 es ends jt

n the F Holl’ as bid OM fairs will admit, and

is made, ‘This being the fourth ‘Sime

of Pctitioning.

°F Hich -

into an

thre, that nestner Time nor Weather cm alters or che

lour wall for ever remain as lively 0 if -t napunl

It has, with a general Satisinction ta the World » bee

ten Years by Mr, Lockton, only, | at the Gri

Buckler's-Bury, in the Poultry

es ven that was {
ri

return > Eriquor, §

The chymical Liquor for the
ually changes ied, BIC ys or
dif’ ree le Colour, Siether of ¢

‘Citizen and
one of the

¢ baad

of a’ Brown, ‘or, bys ipa
given with eax ob Bottle, into the moft beau

tain'd with it

bein an he
ample Directions, Price 23. 6d. c,

From the Green Pali or Lzyden in in noha

‘indo
Kegutst graduate, and fen
reat_ Experience, galn’d
vels into foreign Counts
of the moft jamous niceties in Europes
» Pradtice of different. Nations, has areal
“derful Seerets in in Narure for rally we |
man cs and rticula
_witery, und Av foe 8 eaknefies, Sc

crl ery Da ys excepted,
form Pe oT bre ein the Afternoon, Fihete he m

hing by Seinen WHEREAS ded aan the oe divers Ni
fedorls Bn

the Eat ron at tthe xed LAM pa he ue
quare
of the Crofts of Edin urgh et T

Bee Py i Where may agar

n St. Mary Ax, B, It hasnoSnell, Price re. od eac
and Sollcitor’s Companions or, Compleat | Bottle, with printed Directions how to ned It. What is fold
ce Lavy | dearute counterfeited.

whieh are added, Some: curions wre
detin the moftextrioming Ca!
be taken by Commiffioners to cxa- Di

Halr

ay

belo i it 8 firit.expus'd le.

ce half a Guinea a Bottle, If it does not prove infallible; Hot at French Hrngary ¥ Water, a 16 54 the HalePint
and the Moncy hate WwW is

alfo fo ercien ‘Secret for di ving

poeeibe the GRAVEL,

The Grand Specifiok fur ete eteanting aiid Grenglining the

Medidine at see be fin $e of as i shtblutely eff fa

Urine, ia‘cly uti
rete ays af tek tere I es Hemains 0 y, io Maia
rhea Pith rod nercurials oy weakrieff byt bytigh hted ty of
uknod Bs Beve ry helt an fx pence aire li-managed cules 6 eels, al Giese y sr
Doh paid, inal Intion, inordinate ecitton y al any weak efice of ran
from wrenches brain ue or falls, aril all other eles

wa made for t

ane anein te rouler poe ir eggs ce oe =fime whet
:
great Light in ae hefe are sa ce Nate, tha “tha Matefucton wi eat

Bok, very
ames ‘An sion
ndetton his Bon:

ons In the tirinary pa even ftrangwitles,
ey of ever io long

cacy, Where there avel, ox even
files or any other matter thato ruc the ut 4 figin se
afl away! ina anne alte ‘times takings with futety, i fat

era peécul iat manner all felaxatlons a 5) the.
vettels, contima the parts, bri ngit all Ineo right order, and
thereby pertects the eure to alin ration. It's a very ple pleafuiie.

rf, dnnys at he |. recs
Mr.
a te Pounds th Me thelr ant

hh riders.

HE be inthe id, fo.call'd by thofe who have
ov tte hey es itch, or if itching Huu-

n in Ru hy Ra et

, as fa y perie
urs. It hath been taken inwardly t tor the Kin 'aZvil, It] medicine, and may bet ken with pleafure
an ats = goad Osea refered tera t from ta vin athe Limba cut of roth whichis nt ‘ Fa th ki si ea d Sat
urved (evera the! reafon af’ its belng ma ¢ t
As It has preferved over ula SE ee an ele rate ithe edits uboveemens

ee oe ican of the Green Canitet nis OO er pe Do
nd Hear'Inn at London Wall near Little ‘Moret, io

Kk eafons and ves ithe Original ar only. ‘ins We that en. make | c. te “Ke by Mi. Mit.
AS | oA P

Toythop at the Rofs and Crown over again
Church= ard In che Strand near pease rect, Me. “ata

the North Entrance of the Koyal-Exchange over fi
n’s tholomew-1.ane, Me So rt Howyer, Bor ‘i te der Al Ald-

tioned. One bottle, in moft caita, Js flificlent fi a
culte, 8 Yor, i i fe! oy the e direétlons Cheat with rr él id or ise

dd. t fhop at
bec comer of bey the poultry, op at the criti

ea) Drops for DRAFNESS.,
Medicine enor of, and adviftd to, by tho Learned
for many Ages la tpi and hath heen found, gon ion
jate Chureh over-againft the Minories, Mr. Bookltlle Brushmaker uperie nce a certains t, and Cxpe fitiotws Cure tor D Deal
nines, Thicknefsof Hearing, Noife or Pains inthe Burs, &
faving c cure reat Date whe of "Berton. or al Ages and sex
WRIGHT Dinretick, or deaniing Tincture, forthe Eis, dad re eet rie nfo the Bria
Hiech urinally di(charges all the the feces or itn relics o ot'] thetreoF: feing. a atin at's 3, ig ponent Rredaing
Ad cont e Lues Alamode, or Venereal Infection, and caufes | thar fab's none, jPourwble, and cures if miny Cates thi
| ncommitants, the wreiched ‘Train of that complleated | that have teen ithoughe Incorable, afrar the Ufe of all exter.
| per, asa mucous, filthy, fanious Mattertolg din the nal, aswell as Internul leation, Le ctrca in afew Times
Reins, or fpermatick Parts, which either caule a a Miarpnetiin | 1 fing Thieknets of fi Ont ng, und imme lately takes away
the U'ine, or too frequently provokesit, This Kelick Is Nol or Pain in che Bare: ceoutloned aken in the
‘overuble, tly by the fublequent Symptoms, viz. by a Head and may be dep2n ded on. be he’ molt foverelgn Re-
ty or Weaknefs of the Back, a fmtid meds now extant for all the Rilments shovencaeion ‘rom
Relient Sine) of the Urings rul the ilightch Thicknety of Hearing, Noife, o
¢ the the moft confirmed Deatneth, tho’ of the longer E andl a, ele
carries pher‘on old or young that are cur Sold for g8.-t theo
yee tl cy at th the Golden Ball on Paudiedock-Hill, neat Lidge

comparable for the Pal hich Infattib
chat Bis anes fe be ant anive tl ‘and! uae
orth Head n Bb

ftandi b they (res
foon fave. off ait iat aM ruplin Natnibnety De

or Trembling, Nu
hefk, ere, ast reltore the genw alte bicogth, ; pect

and two Lamps in Bal Savage Yard on Ludgate Hi ie’ tore the genufte Str
weakened Niven "tendons and Ligimenss yatta bi trie

fo AX the HUNGARY WATER "wane: |# Force and: Vigour, and abftaicely cure ¢

of
Ree tite ulm cr elfewnere, cannot be depended on, being counter

=
cert

Gis ety of Fl ures, racher, this Tincture

istortunes inte Cures, :not.only cleand
ely Elims, or ment
, Invig gorati

ares, to their
e Mistortune and Decay be of the

qual i 8 leech I if each § Sex. Tobe had ‘oF oh pe
‘only athis Houfe, ¢

> HOUSE y at the Black Boy and Sant? Difeates of the Brain and Nerves {nl a wonder At Manner,
Fund) eds have lenced, after all other Means u
dat, ans Sara ata ES sl
u
6d, cach Bottle'with ‘Directions. eetuereet, A®

c the oF
Likewi het itowing 8 foreign Com=| VAVIFYING PROPS for BARRENNESS In Women,

Lock of Morn muy
0 r a ef are e old at the re of the lod, Feet tify the tanguud State ofall aiid

and in
i ral nd py a the Spi iss, Invigorae he the Nerv ced

raont ofa monn Syfte Inte etre a nexpand feb ae
i nee aH fen ey the s palling t

ad damp) ng the nokia, Fac 7 alien, x Be he pect iy
we the np of Lie and eau i Nepennen anit and ily

peuntitti k

Siok |

e,
Fine Fl arence Oily at a8, per Flak
K ight Tri ih Usgue bah, i a8 the "ialt’pint Bottle...
a ty at ‘18 6d, perFlask.
all Sorta of sof Leman and Bermuda Hactts for Ladies,
. B. - There | i £6 Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Flask, to

the > TONH, and
Speclfick, with

prevent Counte

iiiadoes, Patcr-Nofter gee Slen  *Phisfpecial Notice is g! sheets are
, Pater- * ? ) sfpecial & otice is P Yen, te preven Mittaker, ution, nallyp rome A dourepele Ons. and Pa ee
hat Mr js romoved a few re higher in th
med Physician, of Jong, and Tiree viz. to ‘. BluerCont Hy, 4 r 4 Toyiop, era ver teed nt now fo idony a rar Mr Ri Sete Hovthon, “at
by ard who, 8 ieudy ng a ever the Great Gate of the R reve I-Bachanige Terai |" ff and. Cro Anodic be ait GM at Chapel en nthe,
nd eg to T ee Rinne ane ony ts 7 feel st Bnd. Pripe 5% the Bottle, wi
cldent to bus Ithae + Ht ener ar | A new Rdition is ft whlithed, of
ee dip Women whe: Vent Tmnpaions (ther Seater yn She He meaty ee
Slent both Oars ae, meen nfticution BF £3 a. ane ae

ed

ther Wives, Widows or Maids and ean relly :

Perfon'’s D ftemper, and whether it be curable.ar not 4 and Gator alae Royal Buotenge’ tae retin Eis Le be int) tal

who, (b y the Biting of Almi ty G God) has cuted Numbers Gites’s Milliner, next ¢ Hoveee Plans “Alley, 2 ial he en ‘td cere RI

of People who have languith Years under Diteatts by the Tem es in by ftreet., Price-33 eacl ‘ yd to cure then even
whie® fa Ve, » by Reve ‘feveral delta fh ivf peter onauned | ‘ re near thete 30 Yea been a eg

fit of others. ‘And tho’ ak rt has been falfly fpread dabee , 7 nf ‘ i kin ‘and: d inte } ¢ lleele He figog it Given @ Grat ete" ci pair

thee Dr. Graliam in Spice! is was dead, thete ure to eer: 4: be paralle ane W fa rf at elie ‘Colebrated An NECKLAGE { come

tify, that the Dot banks be to God)’ is alive vey and fil Wath-Ball, at fs mented ty Dr. Sra ae dren's Teeth era

continues to give Adv ina all Diftempers at bis Ho Hott . Paint Tavern of te ‘Har, and ar He crer ab
| | ie *)

Hand jut PAW from ©

Morning ay be!
fed with in Bite , Italian, or French. Note ,
cures Ki uresinM oh hecat Cy ays yey 7 ie Hed is a Cer 2
. cir cat aang (I 8 vlRage pal d) have J Live ond pope t eiey noo only me me out wit id oat
aie is MTC End Or LTR oe i ad over | ge mare ao ie Sens led the LE Bair ucts
_ , N, B. Mifttake not the Hai y there isa Go n Cad OF ce sp rtf pl rate {ay OAc CA ¢ ghee
the Door. “He gives Advice to the Poors Bratie sue teat of Merclary; and ma Saas rent Bakery aP ep

LONDON: Printed by N. AdiST, 1 Great-€ Carters Lane.

i)
 SATURDAY, JUNE 12, 1725.

ee

-

’  MIST’s WEEKLY JOURNAL. © 73

, Pe es in a Bookfeller’s Shop, I took up
on Abe the next Thing to my Hand, in
ihe wet order to amufe my felf, and it
roved to be a Pamphlet newly
: publifhed, containing the Life of
that celebrated Statelman and Politician, the lare
Mr. Yonathan Wild. ae
I call him both Statefman and Polititian, be-
caufe I do not underftand them to be fynonimous
Terms; for, I conceive, it is wel] known to ma-
ny Perfons, ftill living, that there have been
fore Statefmen in the World who never were fo
much as fufpe&ted of being Polititians, as well
as an infinite Number of Polititians who never
were Stratefmen. But the extraordinary Per-
fon, of whom we are Writing, was an Inftance
of both. ,
The Hiftorian has curioufly enough accounted
by what fort of Arts yonathan made himfelf con-
fiderable, and drew the Eyes of the admiring
World upen him, he has given many Inftances
ef his deep Fetch in Politicks, when he def-
cribes that Form, or rather that Syftem of Govern-
ment which he eftablifhed over the Thieves.

I fhall not touch upon any ‘Thing taken Notice:

of by that Writer, but as he has fhewn him in
in his

his publick Capacity, I fhall deferibe him

S I was loitering the other Day{ But the Authors which he ftudy’d moft were Ma-
‘chiavel, The Englifo Rogue, The Lives of the High-
Way Men, Cook upon Littleton, Echard's Hiffcry of
England, a Collection of Seffions Papers, and Corne-

linus Tacitus.

Thus his Library confifted of a mixture of
Politicks, Law and Hiftory. .By what he had ftu-
died of Englifo Hiftory, he found our that there

are more wife Mentu be met with in thefe Times,
than any former Age could boaft of; for hereto-
fore. it appeared co him as if Men were apt to

give in to fome foalifh Prejudices which hinder

a Man’s thriving and growing great in the World,
fuch as Honour and Confcience, which now, fays
he, your bufy pufhing People look upon to be
Chimeras, and therefore you fee that

don’r make.the leaft Prerences to either.

It is certain he underftood no Latin, for he
had employ’d his Time to greater Advantage
than in learning Words; but as he had obferved
fome Latin Sentences now and then feattered
thro’ my Works, an. Affe&tation,. Wwe, the prefent
Set of Writers are much’ addit&ed to, he took
me to be fomething of a Scholar, and therefore

confulted me in explaining to him the Annals

of Tacitus: When I read to him how flavifhly
the Ronzans fubmitted themfelves to be then go-

Clofet, and give the Obfervations I made by aiverned, he fhook his Head, and faid, thofe were

perfonal Acquaintance, and long Converfation
with this great Genius. } mo

fine Times to get Money; for when the Se-

nate and all the Magiftrates judged and decreed

Perhaps the Readers may file co hear meino otherwife than as they were dire&ed by the

fpeak in fuch high Terms, of one “Who: (tu call
‘Things by their proper Names) was no better
than a Thief. I own that.the Word Thief is
generally apply'd by People, who do not value

eror;-cr_his.Favorites, an enterprizing Man
(under which Denomination he included all
Rogues) had an eafy Game to play, for, fays he,
it was but touching the Courtiers (I fpeak in his

themfelves upon their Politenefs, to Perfons of pown Terms) and ail was rug; for Courtiers are al-
Mr. Wild’s Chara&ter. — Yet I fuppofe it will be: ways obfequious to the Touch,

granted, that a Perfon may be a Rogue, and yet

As he often frequented the Plays, partly for

be a great Man, which may excufe me for em-|Pleafure, aud partly for Profit (having generally

ploying more gentle Terms when I only fpeak of, Hands at Work there) he much admired that.

r

him as a Man of Parts.
Mr. WILD (like other great Men) had a

Turn of Thought peculiar to himfelf; he was ' Magiftrate demands of the Conftable what he has

Scene in the Recruiting Officer, where the Confta-
ble bringing a Man before a Magiftrare. —-'The

not for following the common Road, he was for ; to fay againft that Man, sothing, (anfwers the

going out of the beaten Paths in Search of Ad-.
ventures, nor was he lefs fingukar in his Notions 5’
it was his Opinion, that Men of Parts (in which;
Clafs he fometimes included -—-—— Thieves and ;

idle Fellows) fhould be maintained by the Pub-
lick, and whether it was done by picking their

Pockets, or boldly by taking their Money by;

Force, he thought it much the fame Thing. —
He was a great Admirer of that Advicc, which,

Conftable,) but that he’s an honefi Man. This
Sentence always tickled Yonathan, and he faid, he
had rather to have been Author of rhat Sentence
than the whole play befides, for, added he, this
is Natural, this is taken from Life.

He bore a very great Veneration for Men of

Parts, and has often been heard to fay, that Men
of Wit, who ha€e no other Inheritance to main-
tain them, fhould ride the World, and bridle and

it is faid, a Man when he was dying gave his;faddle the reft of Mankind one way or other ;
Son,-—— Get Money Son, koneftly, if you can; but,, but he abhorr'’d Quacks or Pyetenders in any Art

however, get Meney; and would often fay, it muft
be a wife Man, who pronounced that Sen-

rence. |
“Tho’ he was a Man much given to Contem-

or Science, and therefore he commended the Po-
licy of the Jefuites, who having the Education of
Youth committed to them, took Care that no Fool
fhould be admirred into their Society, and he

and
and many more, who are rifing People,

plation, yet he had read Men mote than Books, thought, that the Rogues in Great Britain fhould
for he was of Opinion, there was more to be} imitate the fame Policy ; for tho’ the Faculty, as
learned thereby, fince we are to live by the Li-| he fometimes merrily ftiled it, was ina very prof-
ving, not’ by the Dead; however, he had con-| perous Way, yet fo many Fools and Bunglers were

Society, as they fhew by their daily Ations, bu
ey want Parts, they have the Will without the
Skill, Addrefs or Policy, which are the Qualities

World.—-Where’s the Merit of cheating Women

ny Capacity of defending themfelves._. I would
expel fuch a mean fpirited Profeffor from my
Society, asa Perfon unworthy of the Name of Rogue,
and unfit for any ingenious Enterprize ; I fhould
contemn him as I would that bragging Soldier,

cut off the Leg of an Enemty in the laft Battle :
It had been braver, methinks, fays one, who
ftood by, to have out off his Head: Oh! fays he,
that was cut off before. ole?

N. B. The excellent Letter; figa’d J. Suiith is
come to Hand, and if we could give it thé Di-
ftin&tion we think it deferves it fhould be to
print itin Letters of Gold, but as there is a cer~
tain Perfon in the World, at prefenr, a little too
ftrong for us, we hope our Correfpondent wil}
take that for an Excufe, oo

FOREIGN AFFATRS.
They write from Vienna, that the Baron Van
Ripuerda, who negotiated the late Treaty of
Peace, call’d the Treaty of Vienna, on the Part
of Spain, is fhortly to take upon him the Cha-
rafter of Ambaffador Extraordinary from his Ca-
tholick Majefty to the Emperor, and chat he i

preparing to make a publick Entry, which, ’tis’ .
thought, will be the moft magnificent that ever =>. ~*

was feen there, there being near threefcore rich
Liveries making for that Purpofe———The King of

of Spain intends fhortly to evacuate Port Lon-’

gone, and fome other Ports belongjng to Spain on

the Tufcan Coaft, in Favour of his youngeft Son -

Don Carlos, who is prefumptive Heir to the Great
Duke of Tufcany, tmmediately after which the
Emperor will grant th2 faid Prince the Invefti-
ture of the faid Ports.

We are advifed from Paris, that great Rejoy-
cings have been made at Strasburz, and in all Al-
face, upon the King’s declaring his Marriage with
the Princefs of Poland; the Ladies of the Cour
have been very inquifitive concerning the Fan.,
of that Princefs in Drefs ; and ic fr .4s, they find
fhe never wears the loofe Gowus, which vhe
French Ladies put on to cover an Undrefs, _ut
laces every Day ;———befides which fhe is a:. ..1¢-
my to Paint, a Reformation which will go a little
againft the Grain in France. As‘to her ferfon,
fhe has light Brown Hair, a clear Complexion,
her Stature betwixt the tall and the fhort, an
eafy taper Shape, and fomething very pleafing in
her Afpeé& when you look on her al] together.

They write from Lisbon, thae the two extra-
ordinary Councils, the Marriages of the Prince
of Brazil with the Infanta of Spain, and of
the Prince of the Afturia’s: with the Infanra of
Portugal, (whofe Name is Mary Barbara) were
refolved upon. ~ :

that muft bear up Perfons of our Profeffion in the -

or Children, Lunaticks, or Ideots 2 who are not in a--

who boafting of his Courage, faid, that he had

i ,7* Weng”
Rai Wek.“

PON EPS

- An Englifh Ship has brought the News Cintors: gn.

verfed enough with Books to pafs for a Man of; daily thrufting themfelves into it, that with a
fome Erudition. — I have often feen his Libra-| heavy Heart he forefaw they would bring Roguery

heavy Leghorn, that the Crews of three Gallicty g f PRON o
ry, which confifted of Books, few in Number,| fxto Difcredit, at laff, with the World.—— 'This was vi RES; pees

Tunis in Barbasy, had landed in the I

but well chofen ; I will fay nothing of Tradef-
men’s Shop-Books, which he only dealt in his

owing, he faid, to Mens miftaking their Inclina-
tion for Genius, ‘There are, no doubt on’t, at this

Way of Bufinefs, or, I may fay, as he could lay

| Time, added he, great Numbers of People pof-
his Hands upon them, for they yiclded Money. !

fefs'd with ftrong Inclinations for entring isto our |

Minorca, near Port Mahon, but were attacked
by fome Englith Troops there, and after 4%
Difpute, took 140 of they Chriftian Slay
two of the Galliurs. :

 Dublin, fane'r. Laft Weck a vat quantity of

where the River Avon overflowing its Banks, laid }

Wood's Half-pence was exported from our Cu-|great Traéts of Land under Water. The like

ftom-Houfe. . |
Edinburgh, Fune 1. Laft Twefday a Brewer's
Servant in this City, drawing Water, the Chain
of the Bucket broke, which fell into the Well
and the Servant along with it, and was killed.
Tork, Yune 5. On Tuefday laft two melan-
choly Accidents happen’d here: A young Man,
Apprentice toa very noted Bookfeller in this Ci-
ty, hanged himfelf, after having been at the fix a
Clock Morning Prayers atthe Minfter ; he open’d
the Shop when he came back, and then went up
Stairs into a Garret, where he was found pre-
fently after, hung by the Neck and quite dead.
He, with three Brothers more, were the Sons of
- g Clergyman, who being dead, had left ’em all
pretty Fortunes, which is new come to one of
7em; for it is remarkable, that one went to Sea
and was, drown'd, another was kill’d by a Blow
from a Horfe, and the third his own Executioner.

The fame Day at Clifton, about a Mile hence, }

one Matthew Rider, who having been fick in Bed
for three Wecks paft, gor out and drown’d him-
felf in a Pond that was at the Back of his Houfe:
"Twas never obferv'd, durtng his Illnefs, .that his
Mind or Senfes were the leaft diforder’d. ——-Mr.
Thoropfon, one of our Members, is juft come
from London, with a Writ in his Pocker, in or-
der to be rechofe after his having accepted of a
Place ; We do not hear of any Oppofition to him.
Doyer, yune 5. This Day the Count and Coun-
tefs de Lippe fail’d hence for Calais in the Packet.
Roche fer, Fune 3. Great Complaint is made here
of certain Maritime Gentlemen, who commit
ievous Outrages in the Night time on the Inha-
itants, fome too indecent to name ; but among
the reft of their Praftices, 4s one.call’d, Ssveating
of @ Patient, that is, if three or four of them are
together, andmeter a Man in the Street, late,
they ali draw their Swords, and with their Cane:
in their other Hands, beat him till they are wea-
ry, which has obliged honeft People, who have
QOccafion to be ont at that time, to provide them-

felves with Arms ; and t’other Day, a Gentleman.

fo treated, had. the Courage to run one of thefe
abufive Fellows through the Mouth, by which he
is become Speechlefs. .
Bath, Jureg. Since my laft arriv’d here my
Lord and Lady Harvy, Mr. Manfel, Lady Betty
Manfel, Sir Will. Courtney’s Lady and her four
Daughters, Bifhop Landa and’s Lady, &c. but
the bad Weather hinders the Place from filling.
LONDON, Fune 12.
Promotions. Gray Longueville, Efq; is appoin-
ted Bath King of Arms.—_——Willliam Crofly,
E{q; is made Licutenant in Gencral Willes’s Re-
giment of Foot. Thomas Bloodworth, Efy;
Cornet in Colonel Churchill’s Regimen: of Dra-
goons,—— The Reverend Mr. James Ferguffon is
prefented to the Vicarage of Old Windfor in Berk-
fhire-——The Rev. Mr, John Walker to the Vi-
earage of Clevedon jn Samerfetfhire.—— The
Rev, Mr. Bickerton of Newdigate, to the Retro-
- sy of Newdigare in the Caynty of Surrey.—
ames Wart, Efg; Lientenant in General Nichol-
{on’s Independent Company, doing Duty in South
Carolina,——Arthur Manwaring, Efq, Cornet in
Colonel Cholmondley’s Dragoons. ——--»Thomas
Eaton, Efq; Adjutant in the firft Troop of Horfe
Guards, commanded by the Ld. Herbert.
Wednefday inthe Evening, the Sardinian Am-
baflador, and the Envoy of Parma, fet out for
. Hanover.
“We have melancholy Accounts from feveral
Places in the Country, of great Damages done by
the Floods, particularly in the Vale of Evefham,

was, by bad Weather, wreck’d near Beachy-Head

hath happen’d in fome Parts of Leicefterfhire,
Bedfordfhire, Nottinghamfhire ‘and Yorkshire;

and the Poft Boys, with Letters from Wellinbo-

rough and Derby, were in great Danger, being
oblig’d to {wim their Horfes in paffing the Rivers.

The InftaHation of the Knights of the Bath is
fix'd for Thurfday. They are to affemble inthe
Prince’s Chamber at Weftminfter, and to proceed
from thence, in their rich Habits, thro” the Old
and New Palace-Yards, thro’ King-Street, the
San&tuary, and enter at the Weft-Door of the Ab-
bey. ‘Their Badge is Three Gold Crowns Fleury
Embofs'd, and this Motto, Tria funda in Uno.

Wednefday the Marquis de Cortance, Envoy
Extraordinary from the King of Sardinia, em-
barqued for Holland, on his Way to Hanover.

_ The Right Honourable the Lord Chancellor. of
Ireland embarques at Holyhead on Monday fort-
nighy for that Kingdom.

Sir George Oxendon, Bart. one of the Lords
of the Admiralty, is re-cle@ed Reprefentative of
the Port of Sandwich.

On Tuefday laft, Thomas Scawen, of Cafhal-
ton in Surrey, Efq, Son of Sir Thomas Scawen,
Alderman of this City, alfo Nephew and Heir of
Sir William Scawen deceafed, reputed one of the
richeft Commoners in England, was married by
his Grace the Archbifhop of Canterbury to the
Hon. Mrs Ruffel, only Daughter and Heirefs of
the late Lord James Ruffel, a young Lady of a
very great Fortune. )

Fhe Lord Vifcount Montacute of Cowdry in
Suffex, with his Lady, embarqued at Dieppe to
return to England laft Monday fe’nnight; and be-
ing come to the Coaft of Suffex, a great Storm a-
rofe, that drove them back tothe Coaft of Hol-
land; bue Jaft Week they arrived here.

A few Daysago, a Dutch Ship from Sc. Ubes

in Suffex; but the Mafter and Men were faved.
The Princeffes Ann, Carolina and Amelia, re-
moved laft Tuefday from St. James's to Kenfing-
ton, and Yefterday the youngeft Princefles Mary
and Louifa removed to Richmond, where ‘tis faid
their Royal Highneffes the Prince and Princefs
of Wales go this Day to {pend the Summer Seafon.
A Patent has lately paffed the Great Seal for
cre@ting .a College in the Ifland of Bermudas,
for the Propagation of the Gofpel among the In-
dians and other Heathens on the Continent of
America, whereof Dr. Berkeley, Dean of Lon-
donderry in Ireland, is conftituted the Principal.
Brigadier Dormer is appointed his Majefty’s
Envoy Extraordinary to the Court of Portugal,

in the Room of Sir Thomas Lumley: Saunderfan,

Kt. of the Bath. ,

On Wednefday laft was held a General Ceurt
of the London-Affurance, when it was refolved
unanimonfly ‘co enlarge their Capital, by the
Sale of 12000 Shares, to be fubfcribed for at 131.

urchafe, five Pounds of which is to he paid down,
our Pounds in Oftober next, and the remain-
ing four Pounds in February. ‘The encreafe of
the Company's Bufjnefs js the Occafion of this
Sub{cription. -

On Thurfday the 3d Inftant, between five and
fix in the Afternoon, thé Carolina Yacht having
the King qn board, andthe other Royal Yachts,
weighed Ancher from Greenwich, the little Wind
there was then being full againft them, and went

| een ERP Ne
ae)

and at Night got tothe Nore, where Sir Joho
Norris lay ready with the Squadron appointed to
attend his Majefty. On Saturday Morning at
Break of Day they weighed, and with a fair Wind
put to Sea. But in a lictle Time the Wind came
Eafterly, fo that they were obliged ro work their
Paflage againft it, but without Storm or hard

Weather, till Sunday Noon, about which Time

they defcried Land. That Afternoon the Wj
being at South Haft, they had Thunder and Licht
ning, Rain, and Squawls of Wind. Towards Night
a fair South Weft Wind fprung up, but it was
judged proper to lye by and drive till Break of
Day. On Monday the 7th Inftant between Five
and Six in the Morning, his Majefty failed over
the Hinder, with a frefh Gale at South Weft:
Captain Herdman, Commander of his Majefty’s
Ship the Rofe, was then fent away by’ Ad-
miral Norris with the News of his Majefty’s fafe
Arrival in Holland. Captain Herdman came in-
to Yarmouth Road, and difpatched an Expref$
to the Admiralty which arrived on Tuefday Night.
Wednefday Morning a Meffenger arrived with
Advice, thar about Seven a-Clock on Monday
Morning his Majefty was failing up the Maes
with a fair Wind and Tide to’Sgravendael, where
his Majefty was to go on board the States Yatchs.
The fame Day in the Evening the Lords Jufti-
ces met at the Cock-pit Whitehall, and opened
their Commiffion. Their Excellencies have been
pleafed to appointed Charles Delafaye, Eq; to be
their Secretary.
The young Pyrate mentioned in our laft, rua
away from Sanéta Cruz in the Canaries, the Ma-.
fter, named Hall, was afhore, when the Crew
confifting of 12 Men, cut the Veffel from her
Anchors, She is mounted with 8 Guns and
our Pattereroes, has made a preat Noife a-
mong the Merchants, and given them Pain for
their Ships upon our Coaft ; for the Sunderland, .
Captain Hutchenfon, from Eaft-India, coming up
between the Downs and the Swyn was alarm'd by
fuch a Veffel dodging about them; to prevent a
Surprize, they madea clear Ship,fhotted all their
Guns and run them our; at Sight of which the
fuppofed pyratical Veffel tack’d and ftood from
them down the Swyn again. The faid India-
Man is fince arrived in the River, and lay at
Woolwich when his Majefty puffed by in the
Yatch, whom fhe faluted with 21 Guns, buta
Miftake happening in drawing the faid Guns after
they had been fhotted on Account of the Pyrate,
the 5th Gun was fired with a Shot init, which
paffed over the Marfhes on the Effex fhore, to-
wards Plaiftow, and did no Mifchief : Such
Accidents have been of fatal Confequence fome-
times. We remember in the late War, in faluting
Sir George Bing (now Lord Torrington) at Lis-
bon, a Shot was fired into the Admiral’s own Ship,
which killed one Man, and wounded another. —
Yeéfterday Gow, alias Smith, J. Williams and 7
other Pirates were executed at Execution Dock;
the 2 mentioned were afterwards hung in Chains
on the River Shore ; the firft over againft Black-
wall, andthe other againft Debtford, on Gibbets
erefted for the purpofe. Weaver, Moor, Rob, repriev’d,
Tis faid Mr. Annefly, Jately divore’d from his
Wife, is going into Holy Orders. }
We hear there will be Balls at Richmond three
times a Week.
To Morrow will he preached tao Charity Sermons at
the Pavifo Church of St. Margaret Lothbury, for the

down with the ‘Fide to the End of Long-Reach. ; Benefit of Fifty Boys, belonging to St. Giles's Cripple-

* «@

On Friday Morning early they proceeded
thence, and: with the Tide got to Gravefend and
there anchored. That afternoon the Wind com-
ing freth at Weft, they fer Sail, againft Tide,

from | gate, Middlefex, without ; the Morning Sermon by the

Reverend Mr. Wheatly, Leflurer of St. Leonard Shore-
ditch, that in the Afternoon by the Rev. Mr. Saunders.
There qwill be Sermons preached in the Britifa Laz
 puage to Morrow, and to Morrow Se'nnight, at st.
‘eames Clerkenwell, Prayers will begin about Four a

jock in the Afternoon. ; .
South-Sea Stock is 122, one qr. India 162,

ADVERTISEMENTS...
wie) he lett at Thorpe in Surrey, within halfa Mile of the
T River Thames, five Miles of Windfor, and feven of
, and a Mile of Chertfey and Stains, two
in a pleafent Country, a very handfome
ney built Houle, with Stone Columns in the Front, four
Rooms on a Floor and, Clofets, gooi Cellar and other Con-
 veniencies, fit for a Perfon of Quality ar any Gentleman,
with 2 very nretty Court-Yard, Stables, Hay-loft, Coach-
houfe, Brew-houfe, Wath-houfe, Grainery, and other Out-
Ofices, with an Orchard well planted, containing about 3
Acres of fruitful good Land. Enquire of Mr. Renjamin Short
in Milmian-ftreet near the New Chappel in Lambs-conduit,

London, or Mr. Richard Bartholomew in the faid Houfe.

W Toten or ftraved on Thurfiay Night the roth of June, out
of the Grounds of ‘Thomas Dodiof Dulwych in Surrey, a
dapule, prey Mare, 13 Handsanda half high, a Sear on her
nerr Footlock before, 2 fhrig Tail, full 7 Years old, well fet,
Whoever brings the faid Mare to Mr. John Pinckard, Farrier
of Newington-butts, in the faid County, fhall receive of him
gos. Reward, anjno Queftions ask’d,
Verv good Houfe to he lett, well fitted uo for a Coffee-
A houfe ; with Canveniency to brew. _Bnqutre at the
CoKle, averagaint the Sun Tavern in Silver-ftreet, near
Galden Square. *
ROOKS nrinted, and fold-bv J. Stone, under the Crown
BOO Coffee haute againt Bedford-Row, Jockey-Fields.

#.* Creech’s Lucretins, 2 Vols. 8vo. tos. Drelincourt on
Death abridge’d. r2m9._25. Hiftarv of Romances, by Huet,
yoma. 3s. Life and Charaéter of Jane Shore. 6d. Life of
William Fuller, remo. 1s. 6d. Paftorals, by Mr, Philips, 6d.
Tale of Tub. tomo. Cuts and Notes, 2s. 6d. Where may
be had the full Value for any Librarv or Parcel of Books.

mo, eet publi ds | Cotli '

* ¥ A Collestion of Sermons bv Mr. Garlier, at ¢ 5. ner
Book. in Sheets. !arge Paner ros. To he hadof Mr. Smith and
the Anthor, at the Bell the Corner of Lambs-Candnit Paf-

ein Red-Lion-freet Holbourn. Where may be had the
Anthor's Feclefiattical Hiftory, and Appendix to Morery’s

iftionary. ;
D y This Day. is publifh'd,

* * God's Mercies to Great Brituin. A Sermon preached
hefore the Univerfitv of Cambridgs. May 29. 1729, on Pfalm
evil. aa. Whos is wife, and will obferve thofe ‘Things, even
they fhall anderftand the loving Vindnefs of the Lord. By
Tahn Hotdfverth, M. A. Printed by ¥. Read in White-
Fryers, and fold by T. Warner, at the Black-Roy in Pater-
Nofter-Row; and A. Dodd, at the Peacork withont Temnle-
Rar, Where alfo may be had, The great Danger of Pre-
fumotion, a Sermon lately publith’d by the fame Anthor.

*1* The Life of Jonathan Wild, from his Birth to his
D-ith: containing his Rite and Progrefs in Roguerv, his
Arf Acomiintance with Thieves, bv what Artshe made him-
felf their Head or Governor, his Difcintine over them, his
Paliey and great Cumninag in governing them, the feveral
Clafles of Thieves under his Command, in which all his tn-
trigues, Plots and Artifices are acconnted for and laid onen,
tntermix’d with feveral diverting Stories. By H. D: late Clerk
to Juttiee 2 ---. Printed for T. Warnerat the Black-Boy in Pa-
ter-nofter-raw. Price one Shilling.

onday laft was vublifh’d the third Edition, corrected,
On M y with large Additions of

#8 A VIEW of LONDON and WESTMINSTER ; or
the TOWN-SPY: containing, amongt many other di-
vertine Matters, new Votes and Schemes of the Trifh Socie-
tv of Fortune-Hunters. OF the T.awyers ar St. Clement's and
Et. Dunttan’s, the kent Miftrefles av St. Andrew's, the High
and Law Church Mob at Sr. Brides. the Rlackfrvers Printers,
and the Ludgate-hill Mercers. An Account of Jonathan
Wild's Funeral Proceffion. and of a furorizing Snecifick For
the Cure of felonious, fraudulent, and cormnt Habits, heing
an Handkerchie® dint in his Blood. highly. neceffarv to be nfad
at this time in Great Britain. A Chara Ter of a City Church-
warden. the Cutoms ° the Citizens on the Sabbath-day, the
Pride, Tntrigues, and Degeneracy of the City Wives, ofthe
Rani of Pettico-t Pentioners begetting vorng Merchants
and Shonkeeners: Alfo of the Adventures af N--rt--n and
Rodian, two famous Stallions, Ree, Sold by T. Warner, at
the Black Boy in Pater Nofter Row, and bv the Bookfellers
of London and Weftmintter. Price one Shilling.

ult nublifhed, (dedicated to the King)

** The State of the ition. In fefpest to her Com-
merece, Debts, and Money By Erafmus Philins, Efq; Sold
by James Woodman and David Lvon in Ruftel-ftreet, Co-
vent Garden: Mr. Strahan in Cornhill ; and Mr. Graves
next White's Chocolate-hout in St. James’s-ftreet; price 2s.

This Day is publifh’d the 2d Edition of, |

** General Hiftory of the PYRATES, from their frit
Cartlement in the Uland of Providence to the prefent Time:
With the remarkable A4tions and Adventures of the two
Femile Pyrates,-Mary Read, and Anne Ronny, contained
in Chapters, treating of the following Captains and their
Crews. viz. Avery, Martel, Teach, alias Tiackbeard, Ron-
net, England, Vane, Rackum, Davis, Roberts, Anftis Wor-
ley, Lowther, Low, Evans, Phillips, Sprig, and Smith, alias
Gow, whe twas execntedon Friday at Exeention Dock. Prin
for ‘T. Wurner at the Black-boy 1n Pater-Nofter-Row. Pr. 3,

Hamnton Conrt,
Martet Towns,

me 4 8

 Thisay is publied, the 2d. Volume (with a compleat tn-

dex fo epoth Volymes, and a Map of-the Roads by Mr.
oll) o , eg
eA Tour thro’ the wholé Tfand of Great Britain, divi-
ded into Cifcuits or Joumies. Giving a particular and diver-
ting Account .of whatever is Curious and worth Obdfervation,
viz. I. A Difcription of the principal Cities and Towns,
their Sitnationy Magnitude, Government, and Commerce.
II. The Cuftoms, Mianners; Speech, as alfo the _Exercifes,
Diverfions and Employment of the People. LLT. The Produce
and Improvement of the Lands, the Trade aad Mannfa-
étutes. IV. The Sea-Ports and Fortifications, the Courfe of
Rivers, and the Inland Navigation. V. The publick Edifices,
Seats, and Palaces of the Nobility and Gentry. With we-
ful Obfervations unon the Whole. Particularly fitted for the
reading of fuch as de‘ire to travel over the Ifliand. By a Gen-
tleman, Printed and fold by G. Strahan, in Cornhill; W.
Meats, at the Lamb withont Temovle-Bar; R. Francklin,
under Tom's Coffe: haufe, Covent-Garden ,S. Chapman, and
J. Jackfon, in Pall-Mall, and J. Stagg, in Weftminfter-Hall.
Juft publithed,
*e* A truce, authentick and impartial Hiftory of the Life
and glorious A<tions of the CZAR_of MUSCOVY: From
his birth to hisdeath. Containing, I. an exa<t account of his
title, defcent, family and iffte. IT. His detection of the
feveral plots formed againft him, and his punithment of the
confpiratots. IIT. His Wars with the turks, fwedes and po-
landers ; and his fuecefsfil and unparalleled conquefts over
thofe neople. IV. Histravels into Europe, &c, for the im-
provement of arts, feiences, military difeipline and naval af
fairs, more particularly to germany, holland, and the courts
of England and France. V. His remarkable foeech at his
return hame. VI His proceedings againft the Czarewitz his
fon, hisnomination of a fueceor, his ficknefs, death and
interment. The whole comniled from the Ruffian, High
Dutch and French languages, {cite papers, and other publick
authorities. Printed for A Bettefvorth in Pater Nofter Row,
G. Strahan; W. Meadows, in Cornhill; J. Staggin Weft-.
minfrer Hall; J. Graves in St. Tames’s Street; S. Chap-
man in vall-mall; R. Frankling in Covent Garden; J.
Harding in St. martin's-lane ; T. Elin in the Sttand, and J.
Jackfon near St: James's Honfe, price 5s.

Juft nublith’d, and readv to be deliver’d to the Subferibers, by
the Undertaker, ‘TF. Edlin, at the Prince’s Arms, over a-
aint Exeter-Exchange in the Strand;

.* The Rev. Mr. STRYPE’s ANNALS of the RE-
FORMATION, in 2 Vols. Folio. Being a Continuation of
Bithon Rurnet’s Hiftorv, brought down to the 234 Year of
the Reign of Queen Elizabeth. With large Apven-lixes of
many valuable origin>] Pavers. This Book is approved by
the moft Yeverend Rench of Bifhops, and dedicated to his
Majelty, by whom the Author was moft gracioufly received,
Sold by T. Edlin, as above, Meff Innys at the Weft-End of
Se. Paul’s, A. Bettefworth in Pater-Nofter-Row, end G. Stra-
hanin Gomhill. Prince 21. ros.in Sheets. A fmall Num-
ber are printed on large Parer, for the Curious, Price four
Guineas. Where may be had the Revolutions in Spain, in
five Vols. Octavo.

Tobe Let at Midfimmer next,

SHE mannor honf, called Tutfham hall, inthe parith
T of Weft farley in the county of Kent (within four mile
of Maidfton, and ten of Tunbridge wells) containing ten or
twelve rooms on 4 floor, realy furniihed, with three acres
of B Tening. all planted with the befe and choiceft truits,
moft of the gardening being walled in, and planted with
beautiful greens now in verfection, together with convenient
Stable and Coach-houft Room, with 2 Barn for Hay and all
other Convenience, and fifreen or twenty Acres of very good
pifture and meadow greund about the houfe, and a greater

uantity (if required) as alfo the royalty of the manner,
and near three miles commind of the fifhing on the river
Medway, lying before rhe faid feat, there being feveral fith
nonds well ftored with fifth, and no houfe in the county
better Mpniied with excellent water. Enquire of the revd.
Mr. North at weft farley .forefaid, or Mr. Mat. Cocket at
the Golden Ball in Dean Street in Fetter Lane, and you may
know further.
TH ROYAL CORDIAL TINCTURE, whofe Excel-
lencies have been formerly mentioned in this Paper, it

being the moft fovereign Med'cine, and effectual Cure for
the Cholick, healing the Bowels, creating Appetite, and re-
ftoring Health ; as likewife preventing the Gout from entring

into the Head or Stomach. Sold only at Mr. V. Grimitead’s
at the Black Swan, in St. Paul’s Church-Yard; Mrs. Cooper's
Eoymop, the Corner of Charles-Street in the Strand, and
by the Maker, at the Green Lamov in Swallow-Street, Picka-

dilly, at3s. 6d. each Bottle. Where may be likewife had
the true Holt Water, for fcorbutick Humours.

F tectuarium Mirabile: Or, the Admirable Ele2tuary,
~ Which infallibly cures all Degrees and Symptoms of the
Secret Diftafe; with more Eafe, Speed and Safety, than any
Medicine yet publifh’d ; any old Running, &c. though of fe-
veral Years ftanding, whether occafion’d by an over-ftrain,
Weaknefs of the Seminals, or the Reliéts of a former Intecti-
on, is.certainly cnr’d in a fhort Time, without 2 Minute’s
Confinement, Sufpicion, or the Ufe of Aftringents ; being -a
Medicine fo wonderfully pleafant and eafy 1n its Operation,
that the niteft Palate, or weakeft Conftitution, may take it
with Delight :. Two Pots are generally fufficient to compleat
a Cure in moft Cafés. To be had only of the Author Dr.Cam,
a Graduate Phyfician, who has publithed it 20 Yeats, afd is
conftantly to he advis'd with at his Houfe at the Golden Ball
and Lamp, in Bow Church-Yard in Gheapfide, at balf a Guinea

the Pot.

So This Day is publithed, .

_#,* Mr. Kirkall'’s Twelve Prints in Chiaro Ofeuro, front
the original “Drawings of the beft Matters ‘ Thofe SoWferi-
bers who have not had. their Setts, may receive them at the
Author’s in Wine-Office Court in Ficet-ftrect. There: is
likewife publithei, fix Academy Figures with a Frontifpiece
drawn from the Life, by the late Mr. Cheron. Alfo a Mc.
numental Defign, with the Effgies of.Sir Chriltopher Wren ;
drawn by Nir. H. Cooke in an Imperial half Sheet, with fe-
veral other Prints not publifhed before ; all foid py the Au-

,

thor and the Printfeilers in London,

Entlemen. have Money to lay out in the Purchafe of Ans

¥_ nuities.---Of Places ‘or Life. tes in the Counties
of Berks, Bucks, Oxforl, Pedford, Surrey, Kent, Middlefex
or Effex, of a Farm in Hartfordhhire. Of a Houfe and Gar-
densnearthe Thames. O*a good Houle, Officesand Gardens,
within ro Miles of London. Of a Dean and Chapter’s Hone
Wektminftcr. Of Ground Rents, or Freehold Hout*s in Lon-
don or Middlefex.--- To be fold 2 Farm of 7ol. » Year in
Hampfhire: An Eftate of Freehold Houfts in Ditto. A
Farm in the Tfle of Wight. A Frechold Eftate in Wapping.
A Copyhold Eftate in Middlefex. Several Leafthold Houfes
in Middlefex:---- A Perfon has Money to lend upon Securi--
ties. ---Letters to be fent tn Mr. Spencely at. Burton's Coffee:

ra LU

houfé in Berry-ftrcet, St. James’s Poft pai:

25-2 [EN ¥_COX, living next Dicr to the

Sign of the Falcon,‘ againft the Vine-

Tavern in Holborn, having, by a great

ee Cold, which fell into my Eyes, loft my
Sight, infommch that I did never expeSt I fhould ever be
brought to fee again, but happily was advifed to make Ufe

of Mrs. Cater, who, not only at firft Sighr. to
Comfort, told me I was curable, and alf ae under Got fall
form the fame in as fhorta Time ascould be exne*ted ; ant
this I do for no other Intent but for the Good and Renefit of.
thot who may meet with the! i ke fai -tion ; The frid Mrs. Ca-
er ives in -Court, Birchin-Lan ign of the
Han tan d Eye. t , ec, at the Sign of the
Note, She cures without any Inftrument ; and the infallibly
cures the Ague, without the leaft Grain of Cortex. or thes
they call the Jefhits Bark. Prige five Shillings the Vial. N
Letters received except Poftpaid. © © = ‘“" 73) 3

. e Mav tet 172§.
Tolen out ‘of the Stable of Mr. Nicholas Flower, at Kae
) ftown, near Bromley in Kent; 2 black Gelding r¢ Hands
high, fullageds witha Star and a Snip, and hancked Note :
The Hair tubbed off under his off Ear, ; with feveral Sadale
Spots, and one white Heel, with a new tann'd Sildle. If
offered to he fald, pray ftoo him and the Perfon, and they fhalt
have two Guineas Reward, and a!l reafonable Charges, of Mr.
Wm Kinyon, at the Bearat the Bridgo-font, Simth-vark; of
at Mrs. Ininocent’s, atthe White Hart at Bromicy jn Ke1e.
_ _ To be Lett, ,
T’ Maidenhead in Berks, 22 Miies from London, 4 Mi'es
from Windfor, in the Road to Bath, 2 good brirk Houle
three Stories high, wainfeotted two Stories, two Roomson @ *
Floor ; with arched Vaults, Stone Kitchen, Wath-houfe
Garden and Stables for three Horfes. Enquire at Mr. Tho!
mas Overfhotc’s, a Farrier in Maidenhead, or at the Vicarage
Fioufe in St. Margaret's Church-¥ard in Weftmintter. ’

Dror on Wednefday the 2d of June, 3t the Britith Coffee.
/ houfe, Charing-Crofs, or at Caveac’s Tavern in the City,
or in a Coach between the faid Pizec, a Bank Note of ol.
Whoever po ngs fhe fame to Porrst s Coftee-houfe, Charing-
rofs, thall have five Guineas Reward, anin efi "d.
N.’B. Payment is ftont 2t the Bank. 0 Queons ase:

ULAPIUM ASTHMATICUM, or the Afthmatick Ju-
lep, which is known by many Years Experience to be a né-
ver fajling Medicine in old obftinate Afthma’s, whofe fio:
cating Fit it puts off in a Moment; is gives a verte Relic£
in ftraining laborions Coughs, that are unmercifully trouble-
fome Night and Morning; ’tisa moft excellent Remedy fot
Shortnefs of Breath upon any Motion, and in Breathing with
Difficulty, StraightnefS of the Breaft, with Hoarfenefs ani
Wheezing. Nothing exceeds this admirable Julen, for by open-
ing the Brouchial Duéts and Penumonick Paflages; it pene:
trates in the inmoft Receffes of th> Lungs, and there mzeting
with tough, thick, cold, clammy, 1'my I hlegm, fo attennates:
divides, moves and works it, that Sv con hing: and {pitting, i
expectorates and throws up all fitc) otter with the greateft
Fafe and Pleafure, thereby cleanfing and freeing the Break
and Lungs, when ftuffed up and clogged with a heavy d, and

fo prevents Confitmotions, Ulcers of the Lungs, &c. “Note,
It isa fafe and pleafant Medicine ; to be taken by Spoonfuls,
according to the printed Directions, without the leaft Gonfine-
ment, or Danger of catching Cold. To be had at Mr. George
Strahan’s at the Golden-Ball over-againft the 2 oyal-Exchange,
Cornhill, and at no other Plage. Brice 2s.6d 9 = * tt *
Againt the VENEREAL DISEASE.
‘THE famons Italian BOLUS, has fo great Succefs in
the Cure of the Venereal Diftafe, that not one of the
great Numbers that daily take it mif§ ofa perfect Cure; an
tho’ fo very cheap as 2s. 6d. each, yet four Boluffes neve
fail to root out and carry off the moft malignant, virulent,
and obftinate kind of the venerial Diftafe, ‘without Gonfine
ment, or making your Cafe known to any; which, jf it fails
todo, the Money is returned.’ ‘This great Medicine ‘likewif@
deftroys Mercury, and carries it out of the Body, and thereby
relieves thofe unfortunate Perfons who have Fallen into bad
Hands in former Cures. Ts to be had only at the Flamin
Sword the Corner of Ruffel-Strect, over-againft Will's Co

Houfe, Covent-Garden ; and if fold at any other Plage ig Coun:
terfeit, | Ce oo
 # * Propofa's are given out for publithing
Colleétions 1 relatings to the Hiftory of MARY Queen o
Scotland ; confifting chiefly of feveral Records and Papers 0
State, never be-ore printed, which afford great Light in the
Hiftory of that Queen; with four {mall Books, very {carc>,
Pro and Con. Revifed and publifhed by James Anderfon,
Writer to his Majefty’s Signet, and Pat Anderfon his Son,
In q4 Vols. in a large Quarto, on fiperfine Paper. Whereo
three Volumes are very near finifh'd, and will be deliver'd
to the Subferibers the beginning of Auguft next, and the qth
in November next. Propofals are given out, and Subferipti-
ons taken in, by Mr. Strahan in Cornhill, Mr. Innys at the
Welt:End-of St. Paul's, Mr, Brown without Temple-Bar,
Mr. Vaillant in the Strand, Mr. Woodman in Ruffel-ftreet,
Covent-Garden, and by the Editors at the Ked Lamp the Up-
per End of King-Street, Golden-Square, London ; andat Pla-
to’s Head on the South-Side of the Crofs of Edinburgh: At
all which Places the Books may be feen, as far as already
printed. N. B. Thefe Collections are quite different trom
thofe Jately publith’d bv Meffienrs Woodman and Lyon.

Juft publifhed, ;
Dedicated to the Lord CheifJuftice King,
*.* The Student’s Companion; or, the Reatons of the
Laws of England: Shewing the principal Reafons and Motives
whereon our Laws and Staintes are grounded, in the moft ef-
fential and capitol Points, not only in evil but criminal
Cafes; together with the Law it felt; fo as to conyey to all
Students, and others, the fundamental Knowledge of the Law,
neceffary in their Studies. Printed for T. Corbet at Adjiifon's
Head, without Tempic-Bar. Price 35 6 d. . Where may

ad :
Per he Attorney: and Solicitor’s Companion: or, Compleat
Man. Contcining the Laws, Statutes, Rules, and Orders of
_ our Courts, relating to Affidavits; and alfo Inftructions for
Drawing, and great Variety of Forms of Affidavits, in all
Courts, and ali Caufes. To which are added, Some curious
Depofitions and Interrogatoriesin the moft extraorninaryCafes,

mine Witneffts. Fricers. 6d.

IR; your Worfhip’s Vote and Intereft is humbly defired
S for George Smith, Citizen and Dyer of’ London, your for-
in the Room

mer Petitioner, to be one of the Ale-Conneis yon
of John Pearce, deceafed. He his been a Livery-Man of his
above Thirty Years; and ferved moft Offices in

@ompany for C tC
his Pariih, and colleétedthe Land Tax in King William and
een Anne’s Reign, but through Loffes and Misfortunes in
Trade, is reduced to very low Circumftance , and being aged
above Seventy Years, and having an ancient Wife ahd Fanuly
unprovided for, defires your Vove and Intercft_on Midfiim-
mer Day next. And your Petitioner, as in Duty bound,
fhall ever Pray, &c. Note, I beg the Favour of my Prien
to be as early. in the Hall as their Affairs will admit, and
fray till the Declaration is made. This being the fourth Time
of Petitioning.

The chymical Liquor for the Hair,

Hich gradually changes 1€d, grey, or Hair of any other
W difagreeabie Colour, whether of the Head or Eye-brows,
into any Degiec of a Brown, or, by obftrving the Directions
given with each Bottle, into the moft beantirul Black in Na-
tive, that neither Time ncr Weather can alter; for the Co-
Jour will for ever remain as lively as if it naturally grew fo.
It has, with a general Satisfaction to the World, been fold this
gen Years by Mr. Lockton, only, at the Griffin, the Corner of
Buckler’s-Bury, in the Poultry, where a Lock of Hair may be
feen that was ftain’d with it betorc it was firft expos’d to fale.
Price half a Guinea a Bottle. If it does not prove infallible,
return the Liquor, andthe Money fall be repaid. Where is
alfo fold, The fovercign Lecret for diffolving the s» TONE, and
expelling the GRAVEL, beitig an approved Specifick, with
ample Directions. Price 2s. 6d, a Bottle.

oo Dr. James Graham,
From the Univerfity of Leyden in Holland, at the Golden Head
and Green Palliladoes, Pater-Nofter-Row, Spittiefields,

onden . :

repay, graduate, and learned Phyfician, of long and
A great Experience, gain'd by his long Practice ana ‘Tra-
vels into foreign Countries ; and who, by ftudying at feveral
of the moft famous Univerfities in Kurope, and feeing the

Praétice of different Nations, has attained to the moft won-
derfiul Seerets in Natwe for curing Lifeafes incident to hu-
man Bodies ; and is particularly well skill’d in Man-mid-
wifery, and all Diforders, Weaknefits, & . in Women, whe-
ther Wives, Widows or Maids, and can tell, at Sight, any
Perfon’s D.ftemper, and whether it be curable or not ; and
who, (by the Blefling of Almighty God) has cured Numbers
of Feople-who have languifhed many Years under Difeafes
(which have, by feveral-eminent Phyficians, been pronounce’d
incurable, who have defir’d thisto be publifh’d for the Benc-
ft of others. And tho’a Report has been falfly fpread abroad,
that Dr. Graham in Spitticfiel’s was dead, thefe are to cer-
tify, that the Doctor (Thanks be to God) is alive, and {till
continues to give Advice in all Diftempers at.his Houfe, as
formerly, every Day (Sundays excepted, fiom ‘Ten in the
Morning to Three in the Afternoon, where he may be advi-
fed with in Dutch, Englifh, Italian, or French. Note, He
cures Ruptures in Men, Women, or Children, withouta Trafs,
Note alfo, Perfons who live in the Country may, by ftating
their Cafe in Writing (Poftage paid) have Advice and proper
Remedics, with Directions, to cure any Diftemper.

N. B. Miftake not the Houfe ; there isa Golden Head over

the Door.. He gives Advice to the Poor, gratis.

by Subferiy’i on,.

fFlrobbed, on Notice, by t

with Direttions howto he taken by Commiffioners to exa- Dif

ds | the Misfortune and Decay be ot the longeft Date,

| Cold. They are of a grateful and

WHEREAS notwithftanding the Laws made for the
Prefervation of the Game of this Kingdom, divers Ma-

f | lefactors have of late earricd on the Practice of ftealing Game,

Poultry and their Eggs, received, or concealed the fame when
ftolen. Thele are to give Notice, that fliich Malefactors will
be profecuted for fueh their Felonies and Mifdemeanours
with the utmoft Severity, without any Expence to the Party

he Poft paid, unto Mr. Reginald
Heber in Rell-Yard, near Temple-Bar, London: And that
whoever difcovers any Offender in the Bremifts unto the faid
Mr. Heber, fo as fuch Offender be convicted of any of the
{aid Odences, he or the fhall in ten Days after fuch Convicti-
on, receive tne Reward of five Pounds of the faid Mr. Heber,
and fhall be further encouraged according to his or their Dali-
ngece in deteéting fuch Offenders. ,

T HE beft Water inthe World, fo call’d by thofe who have
experienced itto befo forthe Itch, or any itching Hu-
mours. It hath been taken inwardly for the King’s-Evil. It
is good to cure fore Eyes, or any other Sores, Ulcers, or Fi-
ftulas; it has preferved feveral from having their Limbs cut off,
when all other Means have failed. Sold by the Perfoh that
makes it, at the Sign of the Green Canifter next to the Dog
and Bear [nn at London Wall near Little Moregate, who is
the Original and only Perfon that can make it. Sold by Mr.
Gouge at the Caftle in Weftminfter-Hall, Mr. Radford’s
Toythop at the Rofe and Crown over-againft St. Clement’s
Church-Yard in the Strand near Arundel-itreet, Mr. Raw’s at
the North Entrance of the Royal-Exchange, over-againft Bar-
tholomew-Lane, Mr. Stewart Bowyer, Bookitlier, under Ald-
gate Church over-againtt the Minories, Mr. Fan, Bruthmaker
in St. Mary Ax. .B. It‘hasno Smell. Price 1s. 6d. each
Bottle, with printcd Directions how to ufe it. What is fold
elfewhere cannot be depended on, being counterfeited.

WRIGHT's Diurctick, or cleanfing Tincture.
Wich urinally difcharges alf the feces or putrid relicks of
; the Lues Alamode, or Venercal Intettion, and caufes
its Concommitants, the wretched Train of that complicated

litemper, asa mucous, filthy, fanious Matter lodg’d in the
Reins, or fpcrmatick Parts, which cither canfe a fharpnefs in
the U.ine, or too frequently provokes it. This Relick is
difcoverible, partly by the fubfequent Symptoms, viz. by a
Debility or Weaknefs of the Back, a fetid nanftous, and
averting Smell of the Urine, with a purulent Matter, or
feculent Sordes, refiding at the Bottom, or flying in it, with
Variety of Figures. Farther, this Tincture efpecially carries
off all’ Relicks of the Venercal Difeafe, after ill managed
Cures, not only cleanfing the Urinary Paffages’ ot all Sand,
Gravel, Films, or membraneous Pellicles, &c. but after a
fingular Efficacy, invigorating the Reins, reftoring them, and
all their genital Parts, to their original Tone and Ufe, though
} With an e-
qual Succefs in each Sex. ‘To be had for ros. per Bottle, with
Lireétions for its Ufe, only at his Houle, the Golden Head
and two Lamps in Bell-Savage Yard on Ludgate Hill.

T the HUNGARY WATER WARE’
HOUSE, at the Black Boy and Comb»
a Comb-Makers, the Corner of Bell-Savage-
Inn on Ludgate-Hill, is fold right French
Hungary Water, being the fame Sort fold
feveral Years paft, and is eafily diftinguifhed
from the pernicious counterfeit Sort fold a-
ata bout the Town, pretended to be imported
1 Montpelier, &c. Likewife the following foreign Com-
modities aie fold at the fame Place, viz.
Right French Hungary Water, at 1s. 3d. the Half-Pint
ottle.
Fine Florence Oil, at 2s. per Flask. .
Right Irith Ufquebaugh, at 2s. the Half-pint Bottle.
Fine Orange-Flower Water, at 1s 6d. per Flask.
Ail Sorts of Leghora and Bermuda Hatts for Ladies.
N. B. There is a2 Sign-Paper on each Bottle and Flask, to
prevent Counterfeits. ,

This {pecial Notice is given, to prevent Miftakcs.
That Mr. Allcroft is removed a few Doors higher in the
Street, viz. to the Blue-Coat-Boy, a Tuyfhop, overagainft

the Great Gate of the Royal-Exchange:

And alfo to prevent Counter‘elts, |

TAT the fo muchfamed, andonly true Original Royal
Wath-Balls for beautifying the Face, Neck, and Hands,
that were removed to Mr. Allcroft’s fome Years ag0, to pre-
vent Impofitions, (the Truth of which can, and will be atteft-
ed as often as required, both by Mr, Allcrofc and Mrs. Giles)

arc now fold only at Mr. Allcroft’s Toyfhop, at the Blue- |

Coat-Boy,. over-againft the Royal Exchange Gate in Corn-
hill, and Mrs. Giles’s, Milliner, next Hercules-Pillars-Aijley,
by the Temple, in Fleet-ftreet. Price rs.each. - .

They have near theie 30 Years been ufed and admired by
both Sexes of the peft of Quality, and many thoufands of
Gentry aud others, for making the Skin fo delicately foft and
finooth, as not to be parallel’d by any Wath, &c. of any
Kind or Form, or any Wafh-Ball, notwithftanding what is
faid to the the contrary by Pretenders ; for thefe Ballsare in-
decd real Beantitiers of the Skin, by taking off all Deformi-
tics, as Tetters, Kfen-worms, Morphew, . Sunburn, Scurf,
Pimples, Pits or Rednefs of the Small-pox, and keeping -it
of'a lafting and extream Whitenefs. ‘They foon alter red
or rovgh Hands; are admirable in fhaving the the Head ;
they not only give a more exquifite tharpnefs to the Razor,
but focomfort the Brain and Nerves, as to prévent catching
pleajant Scent, without

the leaft Grain of Mercury, and may eaten for their Safety.

The Grand Specifick for cleanfing aud ftrengthning the

Reins, &c.
A

Medicine that may be depended on as abfolutely effectual
for carrying off by Urine, fafely and fpeedily, all the
Relicks of fecret Injuries, Remains 07 pernicious unskilfully
prepared mercurials, gleets, or weaknefiés, through tedious or
ill-managed cures of the Venereal Difeate ; or From felt-pa-
lution, inordinate coition ; alfoany weakneftes of the Veftls
from wrenches, ftrains, blows, or falls, and all other obftructi-
ons in the urinary paflages, even ftranguaries, ulcers, &e, are
perfectly cured by it, be they of everio long ftanding. This.
Noble fpecifick is alfo of fingular and very extraordinary ufe
and efficacy, where there is any gravel, or even {mall flones
flime, or any other matter that obftruéts the urine ; bringing
all away in a few times taking, with fafety. It ftrengthens
and recovers, after a peculiar manner, all relaxations of the
veffels, confirms the parts, bringing all into right order. and
thereby perfects the cure to admiration. It’s a very pleafant
medicine, and may be taken with pleafure, ani will be found
of uncommon benefit to mankind, beyond expeétation ;
Which is the reafon of its being made publick, and to obvi.
ate ihe ignorance of pretenders in all the cafes above-men-
tioned. One bottle, in moft cafes, is fifficient fora perted
cure, as you will fee by the direStions given with it. Sold for
78. 6d. the bottle at Mr. Lockton‘s toyfhop at the Grifin
the corner of buckiersbury in the poultry, ;

_, Chymical Drops for DEAFNESS. .
Medicine approv'd of, and advifed to, by the Learned
i for many Ages laft paft ; and hath been fotind, upon lon
xperience, accrtain, fafe, and expeditious Cure for Deaf
nefs. ‘“Chickne(sof Hearing, Noife or Pains inthe Ears, &c:
having curel great Numbers of Perfons of all Ages and Sex-
cs, that have been Deaf, when nothing elfe would do. It is
excceding (2fe, for it gently enters by Degrees into the Dium
of the Enis, and removes all Obftru‘tions and Impediments
thereof: Being’ a fafe andeafy, though powerful Medicine
that fai's none, if curable, and cures in many Cafes thofe
that have been thought incuratte, after the Ufe of all exter-
nal, as well as internal Application. Itcuresin afew Times
ufing, ThicknefS of Hearing, and immediately takes away
Noife or Pain in the K2rs, occafioned by Cold taken in the
Head and may be i#p°n ied on to be the moft fovercign Re-
medy now extant for all the Ailments abovementioned, from
the flightett Thicknefs of Hearing, Noife, or Pain, &c. to
the moft confirmed Deafnefs, tho’ of the longeft ftanding el-
ther en old or young that are curable Sold for 35. the Bot-
fe, at the Golien Ball on Puddledock-Hill, near Ludgate- .

Ncomparable Dropss for the Pulfy, which infallibly cure

that Diftemper, tho’ it be univerf:l, and fof many Years -
ftanding ; they restity all Diforders ot the Head, Brain, 'Sto-

mach, and Blood, increafe and fortify the animal S$ irits,
foon take off all Shaking or Trembling, Numbnefs, Dcad-
nefs, &c. quickly reftore the genuine Strength and natural
Ufe of the Limbs, warins, comtorts, and ttrengthens the -
weakened Nerves, Tendons and Ligaments, revive their true
Force and Vigour, and abfolutely cnre the Palfy, and all
Difeafes of the Brain and Nerves in a wonderful Manner, as
Flund:eds have experienced, after all other Means ufed in .
vain. Sold only at Mr. Markham's Toy-fhop, at the Seven
Stats under St. Dunitan's Church in Fleet-Street, Price 3s,
6d. each Bottle with Directions. .

VivirvyING DROPS for BARRENNESS in Women,
and Imbecillity in Men, which renovate the vital Fer-
ment of the Blood, reétift
roule,
reftore juvenile Warmth, and. canfe a fparkling Gladnefs an

ardent Courage to flow in the Heart, and expand it felfrhrough
the whole human Syftem, fo as affhredly tacure all Indifpa-
fition, that by binding down the Spirits, deprelfing the Mind,
and damping the noble Faculties, extinguith in a great mea-
fire the Lamp of Life, and caufe Barrennefs and Imbecillity.
They potently ftrengthen and corroborate the Parts -of Ge-
neration, effectually promote Conception, and render boris
Sexes prolifick in a wonderful manner, as Thoufands have ex-
perienced. And now fuld only at Mr. Radford’s Toyfhop, at
the Rofe and Crown, againft St. Clement's Chuych-Yard in the
Syrand, near Arundel-ftreet End. Price 5s, the Bottle, with

ions.

- A new Edition is juft publifhed, of
HE Practical Scheme of the SECRET

1c ; y the languid State ofall the Fluids,
fortify, and increafe the Spirits, invigorate the Nerves,

°

we P Ney -L DISEASE, a GLEET, and a Broken-
Ost Confticntion by faft Living, former. Cures, .
SO Reese Salivations, Mercury, &c. teaching Perfons
Za ‘ to underftand Rightly their own Cafe, and

mms tocure themfelves without making their
‘ Condition known to any one. Dedicated
Os to Dr. Chamberlen. This highly ufeful
and inftructive little ook is Given Gratis Up_One Pair of
Stairs.at the Celebrated Anodyne NECKLACE, Keconm-
mended by Dr. Chamberlen for Children’s Tecth, next to the
Rofe Tavern, without Temple-Bar. and at Mr. Jeremiah
Pain’s the Sign of the Bunch of Grapes, the firft Toythop on
Right. Hand jut within’ Pope’s Head-Ally from Cornhiil
right ovér-againft the Royal-Exchange. Where are to be ha
the famous Anodvne NECKLACES ‘for Children’s Tecth =.
fealed yp along with the Liquid Coral to make thc Gums give
-way for the ‘Teeth to come out without Pain.. Price both to-
gether ss /ind the famous: Peétoral LOZFNGES for that
Uneafinefs at Stomach called the MEAR'T-BURN, 4x-pence
a Paper.

LONDON: Pristed by N. AIST, in Great-Carter-Lane.
 "News." Mist's Weekly Journal, 12 June 1725. Seventeenth and Eighteenth Century Burney Newspapers Collection, link.gale.com/apps/doc/
Z2000786094/BBCN?u=viva_gmu&sid=bookmark-BBCN. Accessed 29 Nov. 2024.
 